'Through thick and thin': Bankrupt Boris Becker defiantly SLAMS 
reports he's split from model wife Lilly as he wishes her happy 
birthday in heartfelt tweet.

Charlotte Church mourns the loss of her unborn third child... one 
month after announcing shock pregnancy with partner Jonny Powell.

Golden girl! Gigi Hadid looks stunning in a metallic ensemble 
after stepping out in three stylish outfits in New York.

It's Gil-lean Anderson! Braless X-Files actress, 48, shows off 
her perky chest and enviably taut stomach as she peers over her 
balcony in Portofino.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Date night! Cougar Kate Beckinsale, 43, can't 
keep her paws off toyboy Matt Rife (who's just two years older 
than her teen daughter).

'I've sent someone to kill you. They're outside': Threatening 
phone calls from Diana in the middle of the night and how 
Charles's TV confession about their affair led to Camilla 
becoming Britain's most hated woman.

Move over Cannes! The new travel hot spots celebrities are 
flocking to.

Demi Moore flashes her 'fake' pearly whites at movie premiere.... 
after revealing she lost front teeth due to stress.

Topless Kate Nash is like you've never seen her before as she 
strips off for mainstream acting debut in new Netflix series GLOW.

Rita Ora teases at her ample cleavage in slinky red blouse as she 
enjoys romantic dinner date with on-off boyfriend Andrew Watts in 
London.

Pregnant Katie Piper cradles her baby bump in a loose-fitting 
olive dress... as she jokes about going up three dress sizes 
after revealing she's expecting.

Make-up free Suki Waterhouse can't escape her Glastonbury fever 
as she uses an umbrella on a dry day in NYC.

Legs for days! Hailey Baldwin stuns in barely-there cut-out  mini 
dress and towering  heels at NBA Awards.

Love Island's couples get saucy as Chris feeds Olivia 'his 
sausage' and Jonny gets EXTREMELY hands-on with Camilla in messy 
food fight challenge.

EXCLUSIVE: 'She said she was falling in love': Love Island 
evictees Sam and Chloe claim Jess and Dom's romance IS real... 
and Amber's immaturity makes her look like she is being fake.

'Karma's a b***h!' Bitter TOWIE star Jon Clark celebrates as 
ex-girlfriend Chloe Crowhurst is booted off Love Island... after 
she ran away to find romance.

Kate Wright flaunts eye-popping cleavage as she poses in plunging 
cutaway swimsuit... as 'boyfriend Rio Ferdinand is spotted 
leaving her Essex home again'.

Kim Kardashian is 'mom-shamed' after posting pic of Saint West, 
18 months, in forward-facing car seat.

Golden goddess! Jada Pinkett Smith reveals svelte physique as she 
dazzles in sheer metallic gown on the NBA Awards red carpet.

'They call me a geriatric mum': Cat Deeley, 40, says she's 
desperate for more babies with husband Patrick Kielty, 46, 
despite 'triple health risk'.

Big Brother viewers up in arms as Chanelle McCleary misses out on 
final warning and Ellie Young avoids being reprimanded for their 
part in explosive row which saw Lotan Carter REMOVED.

Is this the end for Jamilla? Love Island's Jonny vents his 
frustration at a 'stand still' with Camilla... after worrying 
about the couple 'drifting'.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kim's booty kamp! Star sweats her way through 
gruelling work out after THOSE unflattering bikini pictures 
inspired fitness overhaul.

Khloe Kardashian sparks baby rumours by posting 'dad and mom' 
snap with Tristan Thompson.

No wonder he needs sunglasses! Hilaria Baldwin is blindingly 
gorgeous in leather LBD as husband Alec wears cool shades to 
Blind premiere.

Things aren't so Dyer, after all! Danny keeps his wedding ring 
firmly on... as he's pictured for the first time since wife 
Joanne Mas was 'left humiliated' by alleged affair with Sarah 
Harding.

'I don't want to be the skinniest girl': Jacqueline Jossa refused 
to slim down for hen party... as hubby Dan Osborne FELL ASLEEP on 
his stag.

Sex, drugs, treason ... how did they hush up this royal scandal? 
CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV .

Giddy Geri Horner is supported by husband Christian at Chiltern 
Firehouse... following emotional One Show debut of George Michael 
tribute.

'Did Dave just kill Dot?' EastEnders veteran Branning has a 
catastrophe in the kitchen as she trips over her pet feline... 
and soap fans fear she's dead.

Is Ronaldo's girlfriend expecting? Portuguese newspaper claims 
Georgina Rodríguez 'is five months pregnant with his child'... 
amid twins surrogate claims.

His number one fan! Ed Sheeran catches a ride to London in a 
helicopter with girlfriend Cherry Seaborn... as he defends his 
one-man Glastonbury set.

Love Island's Jess Shears bares her pert derriere in nothing but 
a VERY skimpy thong... 'after Mike Thalassitis heads back to her 
hotel following wild night out'.

Kardashians in love! Khloe plants a kiss on Tristan while Kim 
smooches Kanye at birthday bash for the Good American designer.

Haute what you were expecting! Soon-to-be retired Daniel 
Day-Lewis, 60, set to go out with a bang as 'he turns dressmaker 
in final Hollywood role'.

Their SECOND wedding! Gossip Girl star Penn Badgley ties the knot 
again with Domino Kirke as Debra Messing and Mariska Hargitay 
look on.

Bell (bottoms) of the ball! Hilary Duff struts her stuff in 
body-hugging flared trousers while shooting the season finale of 
Younger.

'We'd love to start a family': Olympian Max Whitlock and fiancée 
Leah Hickton say they are ready for children ahead of 10 year 
anniversary.

'Where have her boobs gone?' Holly Willoughby shocks fans as she 
continues to display her slender frame in Instagram snap.

'I've said to my agent: "How can I be involved in it?"': Lily 
Collins reveals hopes to land role in Downton Abbey film 
adaptation... as she confesses to still feeling 'English at 
heart'.

Sofia Richie shows off designer duds while texting on her phone 
as she grabs lunch in Beverly Hills.

Keeping J-Lo on time! Jennifer Lopez's beau Alex Rodriguez points 
to his watch during shopping spree as she looks sensational in 
low-cut dress.

Family in the fast lane! Rebecca Judd looks cosy in a puffer 
jacket as she takes her children Oscar, five, and Billie, three, 
for a ride on their matching scooters.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Gwyneth Paltrow shows off her trim physique in 
skimpy black halter-neck bikini for a splash around in the waves 
with her children.

Hitting the right notes! Sam Smith accentuates his trim physique 
in all black ensemble as he strolls out of NYC hotel.

Did you get that off Ena Sharples, Zara? Queen's granddaughter 
looks like Corrie legend as she shows off hairnet at a 
show-jumping event .

Oh hey there! Hailey Baldwin gets cosy with a male friend as he 
throws an arm around her shoulders at party.

Enraged Amber gets jealous as ex-flame Kem flirts with new girl 
Tyla on Love Island... while the villa is rocked by a shock 
double dumping.

Angelina Jolie tells starstruck schoolchildren to 'fight for 
universal human rights'... as they lend support to Grenfell Tower 
survivors.

Make-up free Eva Longoria steps out in casual workout attire 
after posting sizzling bathing suit snap to Instagram.

Chrissy Teigen, Donald Trump and the man behind Pepe the Frog top 
list of the 25 most influential people on the internet.

Bikini babe Lucy Mecklenburgh displays her impressively toned 
stomach in skimpy striped swimwear as she shares further .

Pregnant Ferne McCann showcases her blossoming bump in darling 
monochrome ensemble while indulging in a spot of retail therapy 
in Liverpool.

'I have no words': Twitter erupts over a joke that Barry Gibb 
performed Steps and Take That covers at Glastonbury... when HE 
wrote them.

Beautiful plumage! Naomi Campbell wears eye-catching mini dress 
with black ostrich feather hem and collar at NBA Awards in NYC.

'Nothing will beat this love': Bella Hadid embraces her 
cancer-stricken grandmother during surprise visit to Holland for 
her birthday.

Beyoncé's baby love nest: This is the 10-bedroom, $400K a month 
Malibu hideaway where star, husband Jay Z and five-year-old Blue 
Ivy are bonding.

Impress Me Much! Ashley Graham busts out of an animal print bra 
as she performs Shania Twain's iconic hit.

Alessandra Ambrosio flaunts her trademark honed pins in 
thigh-grazing leather mini skirt while appearing on Spanish TV 
show.

'I'm not into the whole six-pack thing': Shayne Ward sports a 
relaxed look after admitting he is no longer focused on the 
gym... as he turns his attentions to fatherhood.

My billion dollar babe! Cindy Crawford celebrates with husband 
Rande Gerber after his tequila company sells for a huge price.

Box office gold! Ben Affleck is gearing up to reprise his role as 
a genius financial guru with high functioning autism in The 
Accountant sequel.

Busty Coleen Rooney flashes her sideboob as well as painful 
sunburn in sexy swimsuit... while Wayne attempts to cover up his 
unfortunate T-shirt marks in Ibiza.

That's one pricey nest! Matthew Perry lists mansion in 
Hollywood's exclusive Bird Streets for $13.5million.

Claire Danes and Octavia Spencer have fun on set as they film A 
Kid Like Jake in New York.

'Dad never said he loved me until he was dying, says Heston: Chef 
reveals how recognition from his family was hard to come by .

Busty Rhian Sugden threatens to spill out of her plunging top as 
she shows off her flexibility with an outdoor yoga session.

Benedict Cumberbatch, Robert Downey Jr. and Mark Ruffalo join 
forces to film EXPLOSIVE new Avengers: Infinity War scenes as 
Atlanta is pictured in utter chaos.

On the move! Charlize Theron looks toned in plunging black tank 
top at JFK Airport in New York City as she promotes film Atomic 
Blonde.

She brings champagne to a picnic! Reese Witherspoon doesn't mess 
around as she holds up bottle of bubbly for al fresco lunch.

Maximum effort! Ryan Reynolds looks casual cool before donning 
iconic red leather bodysuit as he is seen for first time on 
Deadpool 2 set.

Producers at the BET Awards 'went to great lengths to keep Chris 
Brown and ex-girlfriend Karrueche Tran apart' in accordance with 
the restraining order she has against him.

'Brooklyn is the image of you!' David Beckham shares throwback 
snap for mum Sandra's birthday... yet fans are sent WILD by his 
likeness to eldest son .

Pitch perfect! Leggy Hailee Steinfeld looks radiant during 
Toronto radio station visit to promote new single.

'I'm in agony!' Zahida Allen shares shocking snap of her split 
lip after claiming she was PUNCHED... leaving her worried as 
cosmetic fillers start leaking.

Me time! Gwen Stefani enjoys a solo day of pampering at the salon.

The Simple Life! Nicole Richie pushes a loaded grocery cart as 
she shops with husband Joel and their children.

Day off from makeup! Joanna Krupa leaves off the paint as she 
says 'beauty isn't about having a pretty face' it's about having 
a 'pretty mind'.

Do ya think I'm sexy? Rod Stewart's daughter Kimberly goes bra- 
free in a revealing black vest and sheer tights as she runs 
errands.

Strike a pose! Pregnant Serena Williams shows off her growing 
baby bump in playful snap.

Salma Hayek sets pulses racing by sharing a stunning mirror 
selfie on Instagram... which flashes her TOPLESS frame in the 
background.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Gym bunny Louise Thompson flaunts her rippling 
abs and toned derriere in skimpy bikini on NINTH holiday of the 
year with Ryan Libbey.

Love Island's Mike Thalassitis 'heads back to Jess Shears' hotel 
at 6am after wild night out'... just hours after pair slammed 
claims they have slept together.

Following the topknot trend: Gigi Hadid lets her locks do the 
talking as she heads out in retro sunglasses and pretty 
periwinkle sweats.

Boris Becker's wife Lilly puts on a brave face during sun-soaked 
stroll... days after her husband is declared bankrupt over £3m 
debt.

Kim Zolciak films her swimsuit wearing daughter Brielle Biermann 
shaking her derriere...before flaunting her own body in hot pink 
bikini.

She's a fashion Rebel! Actress Wilson reveals she is launching 
clothing line for plus-sized women after winning defamation case 
against Bauer Media .

'They couldn't keep their hands off each other': Brad Pitt and 
Sienna Miller 'cosy up at Glastonbury'... weeks after actress 
slammed romance rumours.

'I have a constant feeling that I'm a d***head': BB's Isabelle 
feels 'guilty' following Lotan Carter's explosive exit... as 
Deborah is given a formal warning.

She's a tough chick! Charlize Theron recalls the moment she 
punched co-star Teri Hatcher in the FACE as she poses for sexy W 
magazine cover shoot.

First pictures from inside Manchester Arena as Charles and 
Camilla meet 'fantastic' medics who were first on the scene at 
the Ariana Grande concert bombing.

Lotan Carter's contract with The Dreamboys is CANCELLED... as 
nominations are called off following his removal from Big Brother 
house.

'I needed to talk about it': Lily Collins looks prim in a lace 
playsuit as she talks about 'therapeutic' experience of 
revisiting anorexia in To The Bone.

Staying in shape! Lisa Rinna, 53, looks sensational in a 
revealing maroon tank top as she hikes with silver fox husband 
Harry in LA.

Charlie Sheen set to pocket at least $1million as he sells Babe 
Ruth's 1927 World Series ring and letter selling slugger from Red 
Sox to Yankees.

Made In Chelsea's Frankie Gaff flaunts her incredibly perky 
posterior as she sizzles in a barely-there bikini during Ibiza 
photoshoot .

Rugby's power couple: Fans hail Lions star Liam Williams and his 
VERY attractive model girlfriend the 'new Posh and Becks' thanks 
to their glam lifestyle .

Strip That Down! Liam Payne shows Cheryl what she is missing as 
he posts sexy shirtless selfie displaying his rock hard abs while 
in the US.

Ice maiden no more! The Flash's Killer Frost star Danielle 
Panabaker shares snap of 'happiest day' of her life after getting 
married.

Bankrupt Boris Becker's £65k Maserati is towed from private 
members club after he is slapped with parking fines on the car 
AND his £80k Porsche.

Not going to the chapel: Kris Jenner, 61, will 'never marry' 
Corey Gamble, 36, as their relationship 'is more business than 
romantic'.

'Talk about a real life Action Hero!' Incredible Hulk star Lou 
Ferrigno helps fan having a seizure at a comic book convention.

She's out of this world! Nelly Furtado oozes sex appeal in glitzy 
fringed bralet and perilously plunging star-print jumpsuit as she 
performs at Pride.

Car-FLASH-ian! Kylie Jenner sizzles in sexy striped mini yet 
bares a little too much as she stacks into plush motor at sister 
Khloe's 33rd birthday bash.

Zendaya gets cosy in a pair of fluffy suede slippers as she lands 
in LAX... after wearing a stylish striped dress at a Spider-Man: 
Homecoming photocall.

'This is your fate!' Justin Timberlake looks a far cry from his 
usual hunky self as he hilariously pokes fun of his 'dad life' 
with funky neon glasses.

'Speaking of pigs': Ireland Baldwin roasts dad Alec Baldwin...and 
references 2007 voicemail he left her where he called her 'little 
pig'.

'That would be perjury': Johnny Depp could be charged after 
admitting he 'knew that he and Amber Heard brought their dogs to 
Australia illegally' .

'I have p*** in my shoe!': Kelly Osbourne blasts Starbucks as 
'shameful' in furious Twitter rant after they 'refused to let her 
use the toilet'.

EastEnder the feud! Worse-for-wear Jessie Wallace heads out with 
half-sister Danielle Mason after resolving row... as she bares 
FAR too much.

The truth comes out: Kim Zolciak reveals she was once a 
church-going brunette before finding fame as a platinum blonde on 
RHOA.

'An adorable pure soul': Ariana Grande's beau Mac Miller wishes 
her happy 24th birthday... as it's been one month since 
Manchester tragedy.

Pregnant Billi Mucklow shows off bump in tiny bikini as she 
enjoys a paddleboard session with fiance Andy Carroll and son 
Arlo during Hawaii holiday .

'I just don't think I'm right for you at all': Love Island couple 
Kem and Amber both admit they are 'unhappy'... as Simon and Tyla 
drive a wedge between them.

She Will Be Loved! Rocker Adam Levine gives his model wife Behati 
Prinsloo an affectionate hug as they step out together for a 
romantic meal.

'Everything I do in my live show is live': Ed Sheeran DEFENDS his 
one-man Glastonbury set... as viewers accuse him of using a 
'backing track' during set.

Where did she (Mar)got? Robbie looks unrecognisable as she swaps 
her blonde locks for a short black wig and shades to party at 
Glastonbury.

Birthday girl Khloe Kardashian sizzles in TINY pink mini as she 
lives it up with dashing beau Tristan Thompson and her family for 
early 33rd festivities.

Standing by her man! Kendall Jenner flashes taut tummy as she 
meets beau A$AP Rocky post BET Awards.. hours after his pre-show 
party scuffle.

Orlando Bloom shows off his muscular physique as he enjoys a 
guys' afternoon at Malibu beach with surfing icon pal Laird 
Hamilton.

Zoe Ball thanks her friends and family for support following the 
death of boyfriend Billy Yates... as she receives praise from 
fans for being sober for a year.

'He found it upsetting': Photographer Brooklyn Beckham will 
donate all of the proceeds from upcoming art exhibition to 
children affected by the Grenfell Tower fire.

Earning her stripes! Queen Letizia does nautical chic as she 
attends an awards ceremony in Madrid.

Justin Bieber shows his softer side as he hugs a fan after 
playing sold out gig at Dublin's RDS... but appears to confuse 
country with Scotland in tartan.

Celine Dion, 49, is anything but mellow in yellow as she punches 
the air on her way out of Paris hotel ahead of UK shows.

Queen of green! Maxima dons bizarre neon accessories as she 
arrives at a neurology congress in Amsterdam .

Love Island fans spot Jess Shears' wandering hand on Mike' leg 
during live Aftersun broadcast... as she tearfully DENIES 
sleeping with him AGAIN.

The A-list Team! Victoria Beckham cosies up to bleary-eyed 
husband David at Glastonbury as the couple take in Ed Sheeran's 
headline set.

Django Untamed! Director Quentin Tarantino looks a world away 
from his usual self as he sports a chin-length BOB while enjoying 
lunch in the sun.

'I was so naive': Stella McCartney admits she is 'embarrassed' 
she used supermodels Kate Moss and Naomi Campbell in her graduate 
fashion show.

Tom Hardy leaves star-struck fans thrilled as he poses with them 
for a string of selfies during break from motorbike lessons in 
Nuneaton.

Action! Idris Elba is spotted filming scenes for gritty new film 
Yardie in Jamaica... as he steps behind the lens for his 
directorial debut .

'They looked like they were really enjoying each other's 
company': Chris Martin and Katy Perry 'spotted holding hands 
backstage at Glastonbury'.

SPOILER ALERT: Driving her crazy! Tina O'Brien's Sarah Platt is 
fuming at Mikey North as Gary fails to meet her at therapy 
session after his taxi breaks down.

That's a wrap! As stars like Gigi and Bella Hadid sport paper bag 
pants, FEMAIL reveals how to flatter your figure in the billowy 
trousers.

April Love Geary, 22, flaunts her enviably slender figure in sexy 
cut-out crochet dress as she goes grocery shopping with beau 
Robin Thicke, 40.

'It's a load of old Hogwash': Piers Morgan dresses up as Harry 
Potter to celebrate 20th anniversary of first book release... 
(but he's not happy about it!).

EXCLUSIVE: Muddy mess! Mario Lopez sues insurance company for 
refusing to pay out on claim after wicked storm ravaged the TV 
host's $2.6 million hillside mansion.

Abs-flashing Kourtney Kardashian shows off her sensational 
physique in tiny velvet crop top with matching trousers for 
sister Khloe's 33rd birthday.

Kris Jenner, 61, displays her shapely body in a black dress as 
she's joined by Melanie Griffith at daughter Khloe Kardashian's 
surprise 33rd birthday.

'The babies will not be released until they are stabilised': 
Beyonce and Jay Z's twins remain 'under the lights' in 
hospital... as they are treated for jaundice.

Giddy up, buttercup! Sophia Ecclestone, 3, pokes out her tongue 
in concentration as her doting mother Tamara takes her out for a 
pony ride.

Lateysha Grace copies Demi Rose as she flaunts her curves in racy 
semi-sheer navy dress at BET Awards in LA... after spending 4K on 
plastic surgery.

'This is not true': Reps for Brad Pitt deny magazine's claims he 
went on an 'intimate date' with Elle Macpherson following her 
split from husband Jeffrey Soffer.

Stern-faced Heidi Klum steps out in New York with son Henri... 
after beau Vito Schnabel was seen kissing a mystery woman in 
London.

Olivia Wilde cuts a casual figure in a red T-shirt as she steps 
out with 1984 co-star Tom Sturridge... after the Broadway play's 
debut left audience 'vomiting'.

Chic Gabrielle Union looks sensational in an elegant indigo midi 
dress... as she cuddles up to husband Dwayne Wade for Lanvin 
runway show in Paris.

'When two become three': Footballer Ryan Mason's model fiancée 
announces they are expecting their first child together... months 
after his head injury.

Charlotte McKinney displays her ample bosom in a low-cut tank top 
teamed with thigh-skimming denim skirt as she enjoys leisurely 
day out.

Former N-Dubz rapper Dappy, 30, who threatened neighbours with a 
knife weeps as he avoids jail but is told to 'act as a proper 
role model' to his 18-month-old daughter.

Ab-baring Jennifer Lopez steals a look at her killer frame as she 
holds hands with beau Alex Rodriguez in The Hamptons... before he 
takes her for a spin.

'Thank you Auntie Kendall!': Kim Kardashian West shares Snapchats 
of the adorable present the model got North for her fourth 
birthday.

Chris Brown and Migos 'become involved in a brawl after the BET 
Awards'... as Quavo's rumoured relationship with singer's ex 
Karrueche emerges.

At least 'bust' Boris can keep his Porsche AND Maserati! Becker 
pictured with cars worth £145k just days after being declared 
bankrupt amid 'marriage woes'.

Beauty and the best: Yara Shahidi's DENIM eyeliner, Jada Pinkett 
Smith's gold shadow and Eva Marcille's ankle-length box braids 
won the BET Awards.

'Diana cried and kicked the furniture for six hours': How 
Charles' new wife hit out and 'nearly knocked a flunky flying' 
when she found a bracelet for Camilla.

'This is a sign of true love': Nick Lachey dug through 'dirty 
diapers and trash' to find wife Vanessa's lost diamond wedding 
ring.

First class arrival: Make-up free Amy Poehler looks relaxed in a 
chic top and skinny jeans as she touches down at LAX airport in 
Los Angeles.

'Things are not rosy': Danny Dyer's marriage 'under serious 
strain' as wife Joanne Mas is 'left humiliated' by alleged affair 
with Sarah Harding.

Declan Donnelly and his manager wife Ali Astall prepare to head 
off for another getaway... after sidekick Ant McPartlin checks in 
to rehab.

Ouch! Alexander Skarsgard reveals reddened sunburned skin as he 
relaxes in bathing trunks on Capri vacation.

She's all that! Jennifer Lawrence looks casually cool as she 
rocks cropped tee and ripped denims for lunch with Quentin 
Tarantino.

Aidan Turner auditioned for Bond, albeit as 007 if he came from 
Cornwall,. But our hero's mission proved he should stick to 
mining in Poldark.

'What have I really done to contribute?' Louis Tomlinson 
confesses to crippling insecurity while in 1D as he struggled to 
find his place in the band.

Later skater! Blond Jaden Smith gives new girlfriend Odessa Adlon 
a skateboard lesson before lunching with sister Willow.

Heavily-pregnant Danielle Lloyd sparks confusion as she 
introduces newborn baby girl on Instagram... yet she's still 
awaiting her fourth son.

Chris Brown performs at BET Awards in front of ex Karrueche 
Tran... less than two weeks after she was granted FIVE YEAR 
restraining order against him.

Revenge served! Remy Ma ends rival Nicki Minaj's seven-year 
winning streak at BET Awards as she wins best female hip hop 
artist.

Nothing to hide! Lil' Kim flashes her undergarments in sheer 
sparkle bodysuit at BET Awards after being named 'person of 
interest' in robbery.

'Thank you to my entire family': Beyonce skips BET Awards and 
sends her proteges Chloe x Halle to pick up gong... after 'giving 
birth to twins'.

James Packer continues to enjoy female company aboard his yacht 
following Karl Stefanovic and girlfriend Jasmine Yarbrough's 
departure.

Having a Stella day! Kristen Stewart shows off slim stalks in 
denim shorts on outing with model lover Maxwell.

That's how she (rock and) rolls: Rita Ora leaves Glastonbury by 
helicopter with an entourage of gal pals... after a 24-hour 
flying visit.

SPOILER ALERT: Madison Clark learns who killed her boyfriend as 
new threat emerges on Fear The Walking Dead.

Dripping in silver! Mary J. Blige is simply sensational in 
cropped top and chain mail ensemble at BET Awards.

Cool dad Jamie Foxx brings 7-year-old daughter Annalise Bishop to 
the BET Awards in LA.

Karrueche Tran shows off toned pins as she dazzles in 
body-hugging dress at BET Awards... while ex Chris Brown performs.

The look of the Future! Rapper and daughter Londyn don matching 
bejewelled face masks at BET Awards.

Kicking goals! Proud dad Russell Crowe looks proud as punch as he 
watches his son Tennyson, 10, play a game of rugby league in 
Sydney.

Russell Crowe SLAMS reports he has been 'dating Love child star 
Sophia Forrest, 22, for three months'.

Roo-need some more sun cream, Wayne! Red-faced star reveals 
embarrassing T-shirt marks as he goes shirtless after a day in 
Ibiza sun with Coleen.

Lionel Richie had 'secret meeting' with American Idol producers 
in bid for judging position on ABC reboot.

The Killers surprise fans as they make a storming return to the 
stage  at secret Glastonbury gig... in run-up to first studio 
album release since 2012.

Little Mix return to stage in Twickenham... after angry parents 
claim young gig-goers were 'injured' in a drunken brawl at band's 
Suffolk gig.

Bee Gees' Barry Gibb, 70, sends fan wild over rousing Glastonbury 
performance... as he returns to the stage after revealing 
childhood abuse.

Look how they've grown! Old photographs show the world's most 
beloved musicians as starry-eyed youngsters... but can you tell 
who's who? .

Move over Ross and Demelza! Drake Carne and Morwenna Chynoweth 
share steamy smooch as they compete Poldark's new hottest couple.

The royal who boasts she shops at Oxfam: Lady Amelia Windsor 
posts photo of herself in the charity shop's changing room .

Tupac Shakur was 'assaulted by predatory and degenerate 
prisoners' in draft of John Singleton's All Eyez On Me 
script...but never made it to screen.

'We couldn't keep our hands off each other': Charlotte Crosby had 
romp with beau Stephen Bear on their MTV series... but she made 
him wait a week for sex.

Jeremy Clarkson, 57, takes girlfriend Lisa Hogan, 46, for a spin 
in his Bugatti during trip ... as he blasts Richard Hammond's 
driving skills after crash.

Blowing smoke! Kylie Jenner poses topless with cigarette for a 
throwback Instagram post.

'I'm the luckiest man in the world': Chic's Nile Rodgers pauses 
Glastonbury set to tell crowd he's cancer-free.

'Very complicated situation': Kris Jenner 'not thrilled' about 
daughters spending Father's Day with Caitlyn.

Paul Hogan's ex Linda Kozlowski, 59, sparks engagement rumours as 
she's spotted wearing a ring on stroll with longtime lover Moulay 
Hafid Baba.

Is Princess Mary pregnant? New Idea magazine claims 
Australian-born royal is 'poised' to announce happy news.

Flaunting it! Blac Chyna busts out of plunging black bodysuit at 
the BET Awards... after her Rolls Royce was rear-ended by a 
'drunk driver' in LA.

'She's not into selfies yet': Kourtney Kardashian takes a photo 
with frightened niece Dream, 7.

No Sunday rest! Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez hit the gym 
together during Hamptons getaway.

Still a work in progress! Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian are 'not 
officially back together' but 'getting along' as they co-parent 
baby daughter Dream.

'I was born to be a dad': New father Shayne Ward opens up about 
his devotion to daughter Willow-May...as he reveals plans for 
SEVEN children.

Man of the hour! Alec Baldwin feted at Spike TV tribute by stars 
including Robert de Niro and Tracy Morgan.

'No one has made me feel as cherished or respected': Michelle 
Mone discusses her 'fairytale' relationship with millionaire beau 
Doug Barrowman.

Just like dad! Chris Hemsworth's daughter India Rose, 5, displays 
superhuman strength as she climbs play equipment while mum Elsa 
Pataky nonchalantly chats with family.

Sunday vibes! Olivia Munn bares taut tummy in chic workout gear 
as she walks her dogs in LA heat.

Chest is best! Kat Graham, Jada Pinkett Smith and Amber Rose all 
take the plunge on the red carpet of the BET Awards.

 'Through thick and thin': Bankrupt Boris Becker defiantly SLAMS 
reports he's split from model wife Lilly as he wishes her happy 
birthday in heartfelt tweet.

James and Pippa's night on the town: Newlyweds step out in 
London's West End on their first public outing since their 
honeymoon.

Picture perfect: Proud parents Victoria and David Beckham are 
sartorially in sync as they bring family to Brooklyn's 
photography book launch.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Setting tongues wagging! Rihanna puts on VERY 
steamy display with new man during Spanish vacation.

'My little girl all grown up!': Proud mum Kerry Katona can't 
contain her emotions as eldest daughter Molly, 15, gets glammed 
up for prom.

The photographer, the model and the popstar: Beckham's boys 
Brooklyn, 18, Romeo, 14, and Cruz, 12, make David and Victoria 
proud at photography launch.

'My mum tum is hiding it': Corrie's Catherine Tyldesley hits out 
at claims she's photoshopped her bikini snap as fans question 
where her belly button is.

Brad Pitt and Sienna Miller 'secretly dating' after romantic 
hook-up at Glastonbury... five months after Angelina Jolie 
divorce.

Disco diva! Rita Ora flaunts her shapely legs in a TINY 
80s-inspired red dress and gold heels as she performs new single 
at intimate gig in London.

'His joy and passion was infectious': The Girl With The Dragon 
Tattoo actor Michael Nyqvist dies aged 56 after battle with lung 
cancer.

Love Island's Marcel melts hearts as he asks Gabby to be his 
girlfriend while Jonny picks Camilla in shock recoupling after 
airing romance doubts.

Love Island viewers brand Amber Davies an 'utter snake' as they 
urge show bosses to 'kick her out' for stirring drama between 
Montana and Simon.

Gurn, you're on Candid Camera! Stars including George Clooney, 
Kate Winslet and Tom Hiddleston pull silly faces in 
previously-unseen photos .

'I was not in the mood': Katy Perry speaks about THOSE Orlando 
Bloom paddleboarding pictures for the first time and admits he 
tried to get her naked too.

Gordon Ramsay's wife Tana showcases her slender pins in leather 
trousers as she steps out with her children  to support Brooklyn 
Beckham's book launch.

Glamour model Danielle Sellers set to shake things up between the 
Love Island couples 'as she prepares to enter the villa'.

My daddy's a superhero! Buff Chris Pratt shows off bulging biceps 
and ripped abs as he plays with son Jack in Hawaii while nursing 
injuries .

Lottie Moss looks effortlessly elegant as she flaunts her endless 
legs in cold shoulder minidress at fashion event.

'I've been for the chop': TV favourite Scarlett Moffatt shows off 
her slick shorter locks as fans go wild for her hrand new look .

Is Kate Beckinsale's fling with a toyboy revenge for her ex Len 
Wiseman falling for a model 20 years his junior?.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE 'She has very sensitive skin': Stephanie Davis 
is spotted with painful-looking bruises littering her arms after 
tumultuous few weeks.

Pretty in pink! Gigi Hadid resembles a real-life Barbie doll as 
she steps out in shiny pink leather jacket and matching flared 
pants.

Liv Tyler power dresses in a classic suit beside fiancé Dave 
Gardner... as she leaves Brooklyn Beckham's exhibition with his 
new book under her arm.

What a birthday! Khloe Kardashian receives cake and flowers as 
she turns 33... while beau Tristan picks up takeout for two at 
Cheesecake Factory.

Before and after: Kim Kardashian goes makeup free and then with a 
full face of KKW Beauty during online tutorial.

'You know it's bad when a moth is the highlight': BB fans despair 
over 'most boring episode ever'... after petition launches to AXE 
'violent' show .

'Holly's disappearing!' Willoughby is visibly taken aback when 
giggling Nadia Sawalha comments on her widely-discussed weight 
loss as she covers up.

Pure jean-ius! Bella Thorne shows off more than her slim figure 
in double denim as she busts out dance moves on studio visit in 
LA.

Is that you Catherine? Actress Zeta-Jones is unrecognizable as 
she plays 'Cocaine Godmother' Griselda Blanco in biopic for 
Lifetime.

Love Island's Jonny Mitchell reveals he wants to 'rip' new girl 
Tyla's clothes off... despite sharing a steamy smooch with 
Camilla.

'He cheated on me numerous of times': Love Island's Chloe 
Crowhurst hits out at bitter TOWIE ex Jon Clark accusing him of 
emotional abuse.

Braless Pixie Lott returns to her hot pink hue as she dazzles in 
TINY playsuit before slipping into second leggy look at hair dye 
launch.

Striking naked shots of a teenage Kate Moss resurface after she 
reunites with photographer ex-fling Mario Sorrenti... 24 years on 
from iconic ad.

Braless Charli XCX takes the plunge in an uncharacteristically 
demure floral dress as she supports pal Rita Ora at private 
concert.

Declan Donnelly and his wife Ali Astall return to London after 
visit to his hometown Newcastle... as best friend Ant McPartlin 
checks in to rehab .

Tallia Storm risks baring her cleavage in  sheer lacy bralet as 
she flaunts her toned stomach during stylish appearance at 
fashion bash.

A dreamy date night! Kim Kardashian plants kiss on Kanye West as 
they take $700K Mercedes SLR McLaren to a friend's pad in 
Calabasas.

'It really p*sses me off because I'm busting my a** out there': 
Britney Spears lashes out against persistent lip sync rumors 
ahead of first-ever Israel concert.

'Wow you have lost so much weight': Famously curvy Nigella Lawson 
shocks fans with noticeably slimmer frame as she teases at her 
new series.

Scott Eastwood cosies up to his stunning girlfriend Maddie 
Serviente as they enjoy a sun-soaked boat trip during romantic 
Spanish getaway.

'I might say goodbye to franchise': Michelle Rodriguez threatens 
to leave Fast & Furious unless they 'show some love to the women'.

Glamorous Ashley James puts on a busty display in plunging 
scarlet dress as she attends Aspall Tennis Classic event.

'I'm in no rush': Newly-single Amy Childs is not on the look out 
for love as she vows to focus on co-parenting Polly with ex 
Bradley Wright.

Water babe! Nina Dobrev shows off sculpted figure in THREE 
different swimsuits while filming shark conservation video in 
Hawaii.

Gold medal selfie! Olympic champion Tom Daley performs a 'world 
first' as he takes a photo of himself while diving off a 10m 
board .

Defiant Heidi Klum looks steps out in a slinky khaki dress and 
wet-look hair... days after beau Vito Schnabel was spotted 
kissing a mystery woman.

Tommy Hilfiger walks daughter Ally down the aisle in gown he 
designed himself as she weds longtime beau in Mustique.

X Factor favourite Sharon Osbourne cuts a low profile in a kimono 
style jacket and fedora as she touches down in Los Angeles.

Sofia Coppola exudes elegance in an emerald gown as she joins 
glamorous Jacqui Ritchie at screening for her latest film The 
Beguiled .

Thrice-divorced ommy Lee, 54, kisses former Vine star Brittany 
Furlan, 30, after enjoying a romantic sushi date together.

'I don't know where the motherf**ker is!' Mariah Carey's response 
to ex-fiancé James Packer's links to a corruption probe involving 
Netanyahu.

How Diana's death sparked a fallout between Charles and the 
Queen: Monarch 'didn't comfort him on the night of the crash'.

'Coolest wife on the planet': Dave Franco reveals Alison Brie 
found his threesome scene in The Little Hours 'really sexy'.

Bump buddies! Pregnant Bar Refaeli and her pal get a kick out of 
rubbing baby bellies in sweet social media moment.

'The puppy's name is Sushi!': Kim Kardashian's daughter North 
settles on moniker for new dog after considering Baby Jesus and 
Peachy Pop.

Miley Cyrus' pop star sister Noah cuts a casual figure and shows 
off her bull ring nose piercing as she's greeted by adoring fans 
at Sydney Airport.

Margot Robbie looks summer-ready in a leggy white dress with a 
plunging neckline as she attends flagship store opening in London.

Grief of Philip's confidante, the new Countess Mountbatten: How 
companion of the Duke has single-handedly run the family estate 
in recent years .

'What happens in Mallorca stays in Mallorca': Love Island's 
Caroline Flack shows off ample assets in racy red bikini... as 
she models a cheeky hat.

What will Harry discover? Details of Meghan's private life and 
'family secrets' to be revealed in rumoured new show called Meet 
the Markles.

Not Happy to do that! Pharrell Williams admits wife Helen 
Lasichanh handles their triplets' diapers.

'It still fits!' Chad Michael Murray wears costume from A 
Cinderella Story to attend children's hospital prom with wife 
Sarah Roemer.

'Good to be back': Niall Horan makes low-key arrival in Sydney 
ahead of The Voice Australia... as Katy Perry reveals she once 
TURNED DOWN the Irish hunk.

Summer haircut! Mila Kunis shows off new bob... after husband 
Ashton Kutcher reveals their relationship was 'purely sexual' at 
first.

He's a real life superhero! Ryan Reynolds totes gun on set of 
Deadpool 2 in Vancouver... as he reveals he once saved his 
nephew's life.

Kat Graham flashes a peek of cleavage in plunging navy suede 
dress as she attends the European premiere of Tupac biopic All 
Eyez on Me.

Seeing double! Jennifer Lopez and lookalike stunt double rock 
same wig and baggy jeans on Shades Of Blue set.

Rear she is! Geordie Shore's Holly Hagan flashes her incredibly 
pert posterior in raunchy thong bikini as she sizzles during 
Thailand break.

SPOILER ALERT: 'I don't trust her' Love Island's Montana and 
Amber have blazing row as newbie Simon admits he wants to 'rip 
Amber's clothes off'.

Newly married Pippa Matthews is spotted out and about in London 
for the first time since returning from her honeymoon (but where 
is her wedding ring?).

Kourtney Kardashian shares NAKED photo of Khloe while wishing her 
a happy 33rd birthday as Kim calls her 'strong' and Kris labels 
the siren 'kind'.

Colourful Guy Pearce shows off his bulging biceps as he wears 
rainbow feather boa while waving from a float at the San 
Francisco Gay Pride Parade.

SARAH VINE: Why riviting biography shows most women are either a 
Diana or a Camilla .

You will sob your heart out at the cruel tale of Timmy the dog: 
CHRISTOPHER STEVENS on last night's TV .

John McEnroe REFUSES to apologize for Serena Williams comments 
and suggests she is hysterical because of pregnancy.

Forgot your trousers? Elizabeth Hurley puts on a VERY leggy 
display as she poses for sizzling snap behind the scenes during 
filming for The Royals.

Heading back to Harry! Meghan Markle cuts a casual figure as she 
arrives at Toronto International airport en route to her Prince's 
London home.

Love Island's Kem Cetinay slips into a skimpy yellow mini dress 
as he tries on the girls' clothing for the second time in the 
villa.

Newlyweds Jacqueline and Dan Osborne show off wedding ring on 
honeymoon with daughter Ella... after she takes new husband's 
surname.

Bikini-clad Alex Gerrard soaks up the sun in sizzling two-piece 
as she joins husband Steven and their tots on Ibiza break... two 
months after son Lio's birth .

Kim Kardashian branded 'complete trash' by social media users 
accusing her of taking 'revenge' on beauty vlogger for giving 
lukewarm review.

'We're back!': Jesse James and Eric Decker announce return of 
their E! reality show three years after season two finale.

Newly-engaged Felicity Jones flashes her sparkly diamond ring as 
she makes a low-key landing at LAX airport in casual ensemble.

Eugenie's whirlwind week: Party-loving Princess joins mother 
Fergie and boyfriend Jack Brooksbank at a star-studded charity 
bash .

PICTURED: Love Island star Mike Thalassitis heads back to Jess 
Shears' hotel room in the early hours... before hinting pair DID 
romp.

'Gotham' star Donal Logue asks for help locating his son after 
teen goes missing in Brooklyn.

Aglow! Olivia Munn is radiant as she emphasizes her showstopping 
legs in skintight jeans out in Los Angeles.

Blond-haired and dishevelled Robert Pattinson is barely 
recognisable in the new trailer for Good Time... following Oscar 
buzz about crime flick.

Kris Jenner calls daughter Kim's sex tape 'one of the most 
horrific things' her family went through.

'Hope it's a beautiful night': Billie Piper wishes boyfriend 
Johnny Lloyd good luck on Instagram as she publicly acknowledges 
romance for first time.

Very revealing! Dancing With The Stars judge Julianne Hough 
flashes her ABS as she models bra top while leaving LA gym.

Gaz Beadle and Emma McVey confirm they're back together as they 
stroll hand-in-hand through Manchester... weeks after she called 
him a 'cheater'.

'I love him with all of my heart': La La Anthony confirms divorce 
from Carmelo not happening 'right now'.

Love Island's Malin Andersson shows off her ample assets in tight 
scarlet vest as she leaves her local gym... after undergoing £7k 
complete body overhaul.

Is she training for the Olympics? Britney Spears shows off an 
incredibly toned body during strenuous workout in hotel gym.

Cheat day! Skinnygirl founder Bethenny Frankel blows off diet by 
indulging in ICE CREAM as she flaunts  bikini body on Hamptons 
beach.

Get off her jock: Bethenny Frankel ex Jason Hoppy hit with MORE 
stalking charges after new threatening texts and emails are 
revealed in court .

That's some entourage! Hilary Duff has several handlers with her 
as she hits NYC radio station wearing white corset jacket and 
tight jeans.

Legs for days! Supermodel Candice Swanepoel flaunts her svelte 
figure in blue and white striped dress for NYC outing.

Bright idea? Lucy Hale gets a vintage light bulb tattoo to 
celebrate the Pretty Little Liars' series finale.

Celine Dion keeps things simple in a blue slogan tracksuit as she 
steps out in Paris... after sporting ensemble worth a staggering 
£85,000.

Karlie Kloss pays tribute to Japanese culture with Kimono-style 
pants teamed with a smart white shirt as she steps out in Tokyo.

Her Hollybloke! Soap siren Nikki Sanderson flashes her bra in a 
sheer top as she cuddles up to boyfriend Greg Whitehurst on a 
shopping spree.

'I don't want Bear thinking it's what we should do': Liam Payne 
takes aim at Cheryl's pal Khloe Kardashian... revealing she 
watches the show 'all the time'.

Whoops! Rapper Gucci Mane turns up to the BET Awards in the exact 
SAME bright blue Gucci suit as another VIP - DJ Khaled's 
eight-month-old son.

'F*** you.. you've been mean for ages'! Raging Lilly Becker steps 
out after breaking down in tears on TV show over bankrupt husband 
Boris amid 'marriage woes'.

Bendy Amber Heard showcases her flexibility as she performs a 
series of yoga moves while soaking up the sun with her girl pals.

'It's just genetic!': Steve Carell gives typically funny response 
after his new 'silver fox' look causes Internet frenzy.

Life in the fast lane! Gordon Ramsay takes his beaming daughter 
Holly, 17, for a spin in his £200,000 Ferrari after having dinner 
in Malibu.

'I'm going to die': Grand Tour presenter Richard Hammond, 47, 
speaks of the moment the £2million supercar he was driving flew 
off a hill at 120mph.

Pretty in paisley! Queen Maxima stuns in floor-length dress as 
she and King Willem-Alexander welcome the Indian Prime Minister 
to the Netherlands  .

That's still a lot of booze! Bachelor In Paradise contestants 
allowed only 'two drinks per hour' after Corinne and DeMario sex 
scandal rocked show.

'There are scenes of violence, racial harassment and sexual 
exploitation': Over 500 viewers sign petition calling for Big 
Brother to be AXED from TV.

Ace! Tennis pro Caroline Wozniacki flaunts an incredibly toned 
physique as she poses NAKED on the cover of ESPN's Body Issue.

Gemma Atkinson shows off her gym-honed physique in a bikini... 
after embarking on intense  fitness regime.

Brooklyn Beckham puts on a dressed-down display in bright 
tracksuit and a casual cap as he leaves radio interview to 
promote his debut photography book.

Big Brother 2015 winner Chloe Wilburn takes to Twitter to reveal 
she has given birth to her 'beautiful 9.2lbs son' and named him 
Vinnie John Taker.

'I don't think my story is over yet': Serena Williams reveals she 
plans to be back on the court as soon as JANUARY as she poses in 
risqué nude shoot.

'Maybe they'll be a couple in 50 years': Lydia Bright hints 
romance could still be on the cards for ex James 'Arg' Argent and 
Gemma Collins.

A touch of Klass! Myleene catches the eye in semi-sheer dress as 
she attends Found Her festival to talk about 'resilience and 
reinvention'.

Lady Gaga, 31, explores the Hamptons with boyfriend Christian 
Carino, 48, as they continue to enjoy their romantic summer trip 
away.

'You look 10 times prettier!' Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall sends 
fans wild with her make-up free complexion and new curly 
hairstyle on  social media.

Geordie Shore star Sophie Kasaei displays her curves in a tiny 
orange bikini as she sips a cocktail during sunshine break in 
Malta.

'I'm sorry...' Ruth Langsford breaks down in tears live on air as 
she speaks about the pain of losing her father to Alzheimer's.

All done up for Doug? Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa, 33, 
leaves hair salon with perfect locks as romance with Spedding, 
55, heats up.

EXCLUSIVE: Jim Carrey drops his attempt to force his late 
girlfriend's mother to pay him $372,000 and will attempt to 
settle the lawsuit.

'It's what I've used my whole life': Margot Robbie reveals she 
applies an NIPPLE cream on her lips to complete her perfect pout.

EXCLUSIVE: 'I want a four year gap!' Sam Faiers has issued ban on 
more babies any time soon... and says she 'won't be doing reality 
TV in 10 years time'.

Bruce Willis, 62, enjoys a family day out with stunning wife Emma 
Hemming, 39, and their two daughters at Santa Monica zoo .

'I miss her terribly': Carol Vorderman commands attention in 
form-fitting jumpsuit as she makes emotional first TV appearance 
following mum's death.

Cheryl and Liam Payne's bid to build garage for £1million fleet 
of cars, including Harry Potter motor, is DENIED... as council 
brand it 'inappropriate' .

Their special bond revealed: Kris Jenner, 61, gushes about her 
'girl' Melanie Griffith, 59, on IG... after the two connected 
over painful divorces.

Ahoy, me hearties! Caroline Catz wears comically large beard as 
she dresses as pirate while filming Doc Martin's penultimate 
season.

The look of love! Queen Letizia and King Felipe VI of Spain share 
a romantic glance as they welcome the President of Slovenia to 
Madrid.

BRAWL that glitters! BB's Chanelle McCleary and Ellie Young cover 
their bare assets in sparkling paint... as they forget Lotan 
Carter's ejection after huge fight.

Star Wars legend Denis Lawson is dressed in character as he lands 
new role as Scottish Duke in forthcoming second series of 
Victoria.

Cally Jane Beech didn't speak to boyfriend Luis Morrison for TWO 
WEEKS before giving birth to daughter... as she calls pregnancy 
'the worst nine months'.

Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, teases serious cleavage as she exposes 
her perky derriere in raunchy bikini during sun-soaked beach day.

Beauty in blue! Julianna Margulies cuts a casual figure in 
pleated tank top and jeans as she steps out for stroll in NYC.

Michael Buble seen for the first time with his family... three 
months after his wife revealed son Noah is recovering from his 
successful treatment for cancer.

'The wildest night of my life': DeMario Jackson details Bachelor 
in Paradise romp that led to assault claims saying Corinne was 
the 'aggressor'.

Busty Sofia Vergara's glam display at launch is overshadowed by 
her stunning lookalike family... as she's joined by her mini-me 
niece Claudia, 27, and son, 24.

'It's a food baby!' Megan McKenna slams PREGNANCY rumours as she 
blames rounded stomach on Mexican meal... weeks after fans' 
'skinny' concerns.

Bradley Cooper lands at LAX after filming A Star is Born at 
Glastonbury.

Katy Perry teases sideboob in risque dress and wig in new Calvin 
Harris music video... as she takes another swipe at Taylor Swift 
by working with her ex.

Pregnant Chanelle Hayes cools down with ice cream as she shows 
off her blossoming baby bump in figure-hugging black dress during 
stroll around Marbella  .

EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't want to be famous': Former Hollyoaks star 
Emma Rigby turns her attentions to those in need... as she 
ditches her glamorous lifestyle.

Hot to trot! Selma Blair competes in showjumping event with her 
horse Darko after celebrating her 45th birthday.

'Dickie is feeding me a brownie!' Fitness fanatic Chloe Madeley 
shares hilarious family throwback photo with parents Richard and 
Judy.

The black-eyed Prince: Andrew sports a mystery bruise on his face 
as Royals gather for Countess Mountbatten of Burma's funeral.

He's a high-flyer! Brooklyn Beckham's heart-stopping skydive - as 
David and Victoria watch nervously on the ground 13,000ft below.

Busty Kate Wright is spotted in skin-tight gym gear as 
rumoured-flame Rio Ferdinand is spotted departing her Essex home  
.

Sam Faiers puts on a busty display in plunging satin top and boho 
jacket as she makes a stylish arrival at chewing gum launch in 
London.

'Where is my hair?': Sex and the City star Kristin Davis speaks 
candidly about her later life hair loss and reveals the miracle 
products that boosted her locks.

Orange is the new SLACK! Make-up free Taryn Manning cuts a very 
relaxed figure in T-shirt and skinny jeans as she arrives in Los 
Angeles.

'Are you a bit jealous?' Susanna Reid teases Piers Morgan as he 
labels romance between Kate Beckinsale, 43, and toyboy boyfriend, 
21, 'toe-curling'.

SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Bethany Platt's plight worsens 
as grooming charges against rapist fiancé Nathan Curtis are 
DROPPED.

Khloe Kardashian sparks baby rumours by posting 'dad and mom' 
snap with her boyfriend Tristan Thompson.

Peep show! Charlotte McKinney hitches up her dress revealing her 
long legs while chatting with a friend in West Hollywood.

Make-up free Taylor Swift debuts VERY curly new hair style as she 
sends congratulations message to basketball star Russell 
Westbrook on sports award.

Solo no-show! Zayn Malik cancels MORE gigs amid reports his 
anxiety issues are still preventing him from performing on stage 
alone.

EXCLUSIVE: 'She said she was falling in love': Love Island 
evictees Sam and Chloe claim Jess and Dom's romance IS real... 
and Amber is immature.

Mariah Carey flaunts her fabulous figure in a slinky 
curve-skimming bandeau dress as she steps out in Paris with cute 
kids Monroe and Moroccan.

'She's my little miracle': Kym Marsh credits youngest daughter 
Polly for helping her recover from the shattering death of son 
Archie.

'Nothing in a $75million price range is floating their boat': 
Beyonce and Jay Z 'struggling to find their perfect home'... as 
they prepare to leave $400k-a-month pad.

My Heart Will Go On... a £79k bag! Playful Celine Dion displays 
her quirky sense of style as she steps out in Paris in wacky 
ensemble totalling a huge £85,000.

Is Woody getting the chop? Blue singer Lee Ryan among various 
actors said to be facing the axe from EastEnders as new soap boss 
takes over.

Pup-town Girl! Paris Hilton puts on a glamorous display in 
billowing maxi skirt and sky-high stilettos as she takes pooch 
for a stroll.

What's the big secret? Kristen Stewart shows off thin pins in 
short shorts while girlfriend Stella Maxwell whispers in her ear.

'Just got s**t on': Disgruntled Perrie Edwards shares her 
unfortunate mishap with a bird as she documents sweet family 
beach day on Instagram.

Bella Thorne rocks stained tracksuit bottoms and odd striped 
jumper and top hat ensemble as she heads out for casual dinner.

She's definitely a well heeled girl! Olivia Munn carries her 
shoes as she leaves latest photoshoot in her slippers.

'Once every six years, I wrote a song for it': Ed Sheeran reveals 
he has been penning much-anticipated fourth album for over half a 
DECADE.

'They call me a geriatric mum': Cat Deeley, 40, says she's 
desperate for more babies with husband Patrick Kielty, 46, 
despite 'health risk'.

'I've sent someone to kill you': Threatening phone calls from 
Diana and how Charles's TV affair confession led to Camilla 
becoming hated in Britain.

She's a Gryffindor! Julianne Hough reveals she was in Harry 
Potter film with throwback snap on 20th anniversary of first 
novel.

Squat to trot! Nicki Minaj puts on a titillating display in sexy 
two-piece and racy thigh-high boots as she seductively dances at 
NBA Awards.

Inseparable! Make-up free Kylie Jenner beams as she holds hands 
with boyfriend Travis Scott during casual outing together.

Defiant Katie Price puts on an EXTREMELY eye-popping display in a 
thong-flashing glitzy catsuit at single launch party... after the 
tune was slammed by fans.

They've been rumbled! Lucy Mecklenburgh and Ryan Thomas seem to 
confirm romance rumours as they share a steamy KISS at airport .

'He is dead to me': Furious ex-fiancée of Love Island newbie 
Craig Lawson claims he 'ditched their young son to enter the 
villa'... as he flirts with Camilla.

'My friends don't understand': Silver-haired Cara Delevingne 
flashes sideboob as she admits she finds it 'annoying' when 
people assume she's gay.

Street art, sushi and butterflies: How our four online dating 
sceptics have been getting on finding love virtually....

Adele reveals she's selling POM-POMS in her spare time after 
hinting that she will quit touring for good... as she swears 56 
times in expletive-ridden gig.

The cheek of her! Tyga's 'ex' Demi Rose pours her hourglass 
curves into red PVC lingerie for steamy photoshoot .

The making of a royal mistress and why opposites have rarely been 
so attracted: How Camilla was confident, flirty and adored at 
home.

Pregnant Katie Piper looks radiant in a bump-hugging pink dress 
as she joins devoted husband Richard Sutton for book launch.

Dumped Love Island star Chloe Crowhurst is 'back together with ex 
Jon Clark despite their public fallout... and is now hoping to 
join the cast of TOWIE'.

Chloe Sims flashes her eye-popping cleavage in a VERY plunging 
scarlet jumpsuit as she storms magazine launch party in London.

'I'd definitely like two kids': Millie Mackintosh showcases her 
lean legs in swimwear as she talks about moving on from her 
'dignified' divorce from Pro Green.

'Happy to be able to hold the two new loves of my life': Doting 
father Cristiano Ronaldo posts heartwarming photo of his new 
twins hours after confirming birth .

Kendall Jenner shops for diamond earrings in Beverly Hills with 
rumored beau A$AP Rocky... after apology for 'disrespectful' 
music legends T-shirts.

'It's like when dogs p*** on the floor!' Love Island's Amber 
leaves a perfume-soaked THONG in Kem's suitcase as she joins the 
girls in marking her territory.

How Petra's gilded world crumbled to pixie dust: JAN MOIR says 
the Stunts prove that money can't buy happiness .

Showing her wild side! Mariah Carey takes a dip in Dead Sea 
donning diamonds and cleavage-bearing leopard-print swimsuit.

Heidi Klum kisses beau Vito Schnabel at U2 concert... as couple 
are seen for first time since he was pictured kissing mystery 
woman.

TOWIE's Amber Turner faces awkward run-in with ex Jamie Reed and 
his model girlfriend Jade Lewis at party... after he begged for 
her to leave the country.

'We have Seth and Blair day': Adam Brody reveals he and wife 
Leighton Meester laugh about teen idol past in first interview 
since getting married.

The Price of fame! Katie gets slapped with ANOTHER parking ticket 
on her hot pink 4x4 outside her single launch.

'Left Essex to be a lifeguard...' TOWIE's Georgia Kousoulou 
flashes major sideboob in Baywatch-style swimsuit before slipping 
into tiny bikini in Cancun.

The glamour model, the pop star groupie and the vlogger: The new 
Love Island contestants descend upon secret £2.5million villa as 
explosive twist begins.

'Quite random': Niall Horan admits he was surprised by Liam 
Payne's romance with Cheryl Cole and reveals his One Direction 
pal is 'delighted' with baby.

Emma Willis is beautiful in blue as she rocks an androgynous look 
in menswear inspired suit for Big Brother live eviction.

Big Brother's Savannah O'Reilly becomes fourth housemate 
evicted... as four former contestants are given a second chance.

The Beale-Deal: Ex-Eastenders star Ben Hardy 'lands another 
Hollywood role in Queen biopic' after X-Men breakout part.

Downton Abbey's Daisy Lewis transforms with new blonde pixie crop 
as she attends Tatler high-society gala.

Glaston-bleary: Amusing video shows David Beckham wiped out at 
his first Glasto experience... but giddy Victoria shows no signs 
of slowing down.

Justin Bieber sports his teenage shaggy haircut in cute throwback 
Instagram photo with rapper Eminem.

Hot right now! Rita Ora pairs fishnets with a racy leather skirt 
and sporty top as she steps out for magazine launch party.

'Love you to the moon': Petra Stunt takes her mind off messy 
divorce from billionaire husband James by throwing sister Tamara 
a VERY lavish birthday dinner.

GMB's Charlotte Hawkins looks ladylike in a floral frock as she 
brings cute daughter Ella Rose, two, along to star-studded Wind 
In The Willows musical.

Going for gold! Pascal Craymer turns heads in eye-popping 
metallic mini dress as she leave little to the imagination for 
Katie Price's single launch party.

Spotted! Kourtney Kardashian hides blemished face behind Louis 
Vuitton backpack and water bottle following trip to dermatologist.

Soap siren Nikki Sanderson displays her honed pins in racy red 
mini skirt as she enjoys romantic evening with boyfriend Greg 
Whitehurst.

Defiant Lauren Goodger shows off her curves in a leather skirt as 
she leaves the gym... after claiming 'pap pictures' make her look 
bigger than she is.

The Queen and Prince Harry welcome VIP guests including Liam 
Payne and Mo Farah to Buckingham Palace for aeremony celebrating 
inspirational youngsters.

Jourdan Dunn rocks leggy leather trousers and a plunging blouse 
as she joins stylish stars at Tatler's English Roses party.

Big Brother reject Lotan Carter gets pushed into a pool in just 
his Y-fronts as he joins line-up of reality stars at Fake Bake 
party in London.

Emily Ratajkowski sizzles in chic LBD for Glamour shoot as she 
reveals desire to move away from the 'bathing suit girl' role in 
films and being a 'sexual being'.

'Phil's taken Holly up the Shard': Twitter goes wild for This 
Morning wedding segment as they praise Willoughby for her amazing 
new look.

Love Island newcomer Danielle Sellers flaunts her curves in a 
low-cut crop top and a revealing swimsuit as she poses for a 
raunchy retro photoshoot.

'Too young!' Cindy Crawford's daughter Kaia, 15, sparks social 
media backlash after posing for selfie in a bathrobe.

Summer style! Jenna Dewan Tatum dons Panama hat and cropped tee 
for shopping trip with  daughter Everly.

Absolutely smashing! Tallia Storm teases at her cleavage in 
sizzling athleisure inspired jumpsuit as she leads the style at 
WTA pre-Wimbledon party.

'We're so proud': Little Mix become the first female artists to 
win Best Live Act at the coveted Silver Clef awards .

Not even time can come between them! Brooke Shields, 52, sizzles 
in Calvin Klein knickers... 37 years after rocketing to stardom 
with brand.

'Everyone thought I was a nightmare': Judy Murray reveals 
pressure of raising two tennis champions (and admits she 'needed' 
Andy to win Wimbledon).

Michelle Heaton takes the plunge in a pink pastel dress with a 
lace trim as she puts in an appearance at Wind in the Willows 
press night.

Lady Victoria Hervey commands attention as she showcases her 
honed pins in flirty purple mini dress for Tatler's English Roses 
bash.

Claudia Winkleman looks chic in polka dot shirt and pink loafers 
at play press night... after confessing that she is 'addicted' to 
looking 'really orange'.

Jacqui Ritchie shows her kooky side in Seventies-inspired 
dungarees emblazoned with butterfly prints.

SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Keira Knightley's treasure chest hits 
£12.5m: Accounts suggest personal business made £1m profit in a 
year.

SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Emma Thompson's barking pop video: Actress 
dances as she sings Who Let The Dogs Out during Greek holiday.

'I needed to be my own person': Love Island newbie Rob Lipsett on 
the rebound from six-year relationship with social media star 
ex... as he makes debut.

Pupils only learned there were two world wars from watching 
Downton Abbey, says show creator Julian Fellowes.

'I look forward to the day when it's different': The X-Files star 
Gillian Anderson irritated by show's behind-the-scenes gender 
inequality.

'Sometimes I love you just isn't enough': Michael Buble gets 
emotional about his family in first public appearance since his 
son's cancer diagnosis.

'Boat day with the family': Harry Kane's girlfriend Kate Goodland 
showcases her incredible post-baby body as she enjoys Bajan break.

Is it farewell, Adele, soul queen supreme? ADRIAN THRILLS sees a 
big pop spectacular at Wembley stadium .

From boho to hobo chic! Jordan Barrett wears stained shirt and 
hotel slippers as he walks down the streets of New York with 
brunette woman.

EOTB star Rogan O'Connor claims his 'sex mad' ex Jess Shears DID 
sleep with Love Island co-star Milke Thalassitis after leaving 
the villa.

The big names lining up for a blockbuster King Lear: Anthony 
Hopkins, Emma Thompson and Jim Broadbent .

'I want to f*** you!' Kelly Brook's ex David McIntosh sleeps with 
Celebrity Big Brother star Tiffany Pollard on the FIRST night of 
dating show Famously Single.

Pregnant Chanelle Hayes shows off her bump in a red bikini as she 
cools down with a dip in the pool... before getting some 
inspiration from baby names book.

Cute canine! Caitlyn Jenner goes casual cool in grey jumper as 
she cradles new puppy Bertha during shopping trip in Malibu.

It's on! Amber Rose, 33, holds hands with rumored beau 21 Savage, 
24, as they head out of Catch in West Hollywood.

Before and after! Heidi Klum goes from makeup-free to heavily 
painted in stunning sped-up Instagram video as she sits in the 
AGT glam room.

'The most flattering skinny boyfriend jean!': Khloe Kardashian is 
back to plugging her Good American line after being spoiled on 
33rd birthday.

Off-duty chic! Leggy model Jessica Hart flaunts her trim pins in 
denim daisy dukes as she strolls through New York City.

Pin parade! Vanessa Hudgens shows off her slender dancer's legs 
in tiny pair of black shorts as she steps out in Studio City.

Upping the wattage! Naomi Watts wears bright purple dress and 
dark shades to promote her new Netflix series Gypsy.

Claire Foy's over the moon about her stellar solar role: Actress 
to star as Neil Armstrong's wife in new movie First Man .

Twinning! Kristen Stewart and girlfriend Stella Maxwell both show 
off toned abs in crop tops and ripped jeans at LAX.

Bella Hadid vamps it up in a sexy black gown before stunning in a 
regal ruffled bridal-inspired wedding dress for jaw-dropping 
photoshoot in Venice.

Chilling out in La La Land! Emma Stone keeps it simple in black 
top and blue jeans while on stroll through leafy LA neighborhood.

James Stunt's Rolls Royce leaves Petra Ecclestone's £100m mansion 
as he heads to £9,000 a week rental home after court evicted him.

'This time last week we were drinking coconut mojitos': 
Ex-Eastenders star Louisa Lytton shows off her lean bikini figure 
as she shares her post-Bali blues.

SPOILER ALERT: 'For me it was all real': Love Island's Camilla 
tearfully admits she misses beau Jonny as he confesses he regrets 
kissing Tyla Carr so quickly.

EXCLUSIVE: 'She gets jealous of me with other girls!' Human Ken 
Doll Rodrigo Alves shares a kiss with his personal trainer 
'sister' Danni Levy in Spain.

Buckle up for a joyride: Fast, furious and with a stonking 
soundtrack, this gripping getaway caper gives Tarantino a run for 
his money  .

EXCLUSIVE: Court blow for James Stunt as gay butler wins latest 
battle over claims Petra Ecclestone's ex called him a 
'lady-hater' and spat on him.

Why IS everybody hooked on Love Island? Sportsmen and rockers are 
among the millions addicted to the raunchy dating show that's 
dominating TV ratings.

'She's the greatest woman alive': Hugh Jackman, 48, reveals he 
never spends more than two weeks away from 'amazing' wife 
Deborra-Lee Furness, 61, .

The dog days of summer! Leggy Martha Hunt shows off toned tummy 
as she takes her pooch out for a walk wearing denim mini skirt.

Keeping it classy! Rumer Willis shows off her svelte physique in 
flirty LBD as she steps out in black and gold flats.

Driverless cars are dull ... a Little Red Corvette sets hearts 
racing: Christopher Stevens Reviews Last Night's TV.

Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock goes topless for racy Instagram 
snap as she shows off her washboard stomach and peachy posterior 
during sun-soaked break.

Netflix bows to fan pressure and resurrects the Wachowskis' 
canceled sci-fi drama Sense8 for two-hour finale.

Happy as can be! Ivanka Trump flashes a huge smile as she heads 
to work in a skin-tight white shirt, after sharing adorable snap 
of youngest son Teddy.

Corinne Olympios was 'victimized' by public and it was her 
decision not to return to Bachelor In Paradise she says in new 
interview - but no apology for DeMario.

She's a real work of art! Ladylike Kate channels Jackie O chic in 
a Gucci tweed dress as she arrives to open the new wing at 
London's V&A.

Strike a pose! Rebel Wilson rocks denim jacket and plunging black 
dress as she fronts the campaign for her new X Angels plus-size 
clothing range.

Abs-olutely ripped! Paris Jackson shows off toned tummy in a 
bandeau bra at lunch with a guy pal after starring in the xx's 
new music video.

Hey Good(man) Lookin'! Reality star Chloe displays her 
eye-popping cleavage and peachy derriere in daring swimsuit on 
break with sister Lauryn.

'You're all f**king lunatics': Niall Horan takes part in VERY 
bizarre interview with Kyle and Jackie O... talking about porn 
and public urinals.

Billy Elliot stage star is the best Spider-Man yet: BRIAN VINER 
on the web-slinging summer blockbuster .

Fergie's night on the town: Duchess of York can't resist cosying 
up to man of the moment Julian Fellowes at his Wind in the 
Willows opening night.

'You were always strong': Frank Bruno's daughter reveals how 
proud she is of him for battling through his struggle with 
bipolar to walk her down the aisle.

'We are sorry!': Kendall and Kylie Jenner insist they meant no 
'disrespect' after backlash over using  Biggie, Tupac and Ozzy on 
$125 shirts.

'Niall Horan is not my boyfriend!': Noah Cyrus denies she's 
dating former One Direction star... but remains coy about her 
relationship status.

'Go to sleep!' Madonna shares sweet family snap as she sucks her 
thumb during nap time with children David, 11, and four-year-old 
twins Esther & Stella.

'Young love': Pink reveals her secret crush on Jon Bon Jovi and 
admits she had a tantrum at eight when he married his wife 
Dorothea.

Last minute leg work! Hilaria Baldwin enjoys pool-side yoga the 
day before vow renewal with Alec to mark five-year anniversary.

ABS-olutely fit! Scout Willis highlights her toned midriff in 
figure-hugging leggings and a sports bra for workout session.

Lottie Moss shows off her tan lines in a sizzling black minidress 
before slipping into an opulent 80s-inspired printed gown for 
photoshoot in Venice.

Shedding some light on her assets! Demi Lovato shares arresting 
image where her chest is highlighted in a plunging silver gown.

'It's a huge production to massage her': Hollywood masseuse known 
for biting lets rip on Mariah Carey's diva antics.

Put down the phone! Heavily pregnant Whitney Port looks very 
distracted as she texts away while walking to a coffee shop in LA.

Lily Allen gets the goat after promising to eat one of the 
animals live on TV if the Queen's Speech passed... which it has.

Brilliant singing... but Billie's a bore: Tragic Holiday is 
brought to life in Lady Day At Emerson's Bar & Grill .

Rocking her Canadian tuxedo! Supermodel Gigi Hadid wears 
denim-on-denim outfit with tiny red tank top in New York City.

Benedict Cumberbatch straps in to film high-wire aerial stunts on 
the set of Avengers: Infinity War amid chaotic battle scenes .

Under my umbrella! Reese Witherspoon sports weather motif 
patterned dress for errands run with son Deacon, 13.

Supermarket chic! Newlywed Miranda Kerr treats Whole Foods aisles 
like her own catwalk - and flashes her rock - in Vogue video.

TOWIE's James Argent proudly displays his newly slimline physique 
in summery ensemble as he steps out for lunch date in London.

Shedding for the wedding! Julianne Hough flaunts incredibly toned 
tummy in a skimpy workout top just weeks before she's set to 
marry.

'We shouldn't just see 15-year-old bodies': Former teen model 
Brooke Shields, 52, has banned her daughters from industry until 
they finish college.

Good news for Cold Feet fans as Adam shares a passionate kiss 
with landlady Tina while cast reunite for filming in rManchester 
ahead of seventh series.

'Just heard the sad news': Britney Spears pays touching tribute 
to super fan who died at age 32.

That's a lot of leg! Jennifer Lopez, 47, flashes toned stem in 
image for new song Ni Tu Ni Yo - the first single from her 
Spanish-language album.

EastEnders' Harry Reid puffs on a vape as he heads out in London 
with close pal and on-screen brother Jamie Borthwick.

Sam Faiers flaunts cleavage in plunging top as sister Billie 
showcases incredible post-baby body in lycra on day out in Essex.

The Great British Fake Off? Defiant Paul Hollywood shares cosy 
snap with new GBBO co-judge Prue Leith... amid reports she 'can't 
stand' the show veteran.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Tiffany Watson flaunts serious sideboob 
in skimpy red swimwear as she joins sizzling pals Lucy Watson and 
Nicola Hughes in Barcelona.

'Jungle-style!': Dwayne Johnson unveils fast-paced trailer for 
Jumanji reboot with Kevin Hart, Karen Gillan and Jack Black.

She's a California girl! Gwen Stefani models a statement T-shirt 
from her home state as she dresses down in Beverly Hills.

'He tried it raw!': Chris Pratt's cute son Jack, four, holds a 
big barracuda after his proud dad teaches him how to fish.

'I knew it wouldn't be easy': Lily Collins reflects on the 
response to her dramatic weight loss for new role as anorexia 
sufferer... as she dazzles in shoot.

'We were in a bubble': Penny Lancaster discusses renewing her 
vows to Rod Stewart in intimate Essex ceremony after ten years of 
marriage.

Megan Fox flashes sports bra beneath ultra-sheer top for yoga 
session... after Frederick's of Hollywood shoot.

Richard Hammond hits back after racing driver says his 120mph 
supercar crash during filming 'wouldn't have happened to a 
professional' .

'It's fun to have a really good group of chicks': Kelly Rowland 
attributes success to the 'powerful female friendships' ... 
including her bond with Beyoncé.

'Did pubic hair go extinct while I wasn't looking?' Naked 
Attraction returns to Channel 4 with a whopping 363 vagina 
close-ups.

Eva Longoria displays her curves in plunging blouse underneath 
her baggy tracksuit as she tucks into a delicious slice of cake 
on set in Canada.

From wild child to domestic goddess: Drew Barrymore reveals she's 
spending her summer packing lunches for her kids and barbecuing 
chicken.

'We will not let anyone or anything stop us!': Marvel unveils 
first trailer for Inhumans TV series.

Definitely no flop! Tarek El Moussa is renting newly constructed 
bachelor pad in Newport Beach for $15,000 A MONTH.

Kate reveals she was BANNED from the Wimbledon final when she was 
pregnant as she shares hilarious tales about her family's faux 
pas .

Here's looking at you, Charles! A VERY windswept Camilla gazes 
lovingly at the Prince as they battle the elements after touching 
down in Canada.

Ready, aim, fire! Ariel Winter covers up in yellow trousers and a 
white bodysuit to shoot gun during target practice.

No wonder he couldn't resist her! Love Island's Tyla sizzles in 
skimpy lingerie shoot as Jonny dumps heart-broken Camilla Thurlow 
for her in SHOCK episode.

'She certainly doesn't like being second best': Rihanna's new 
romance with Hassan Jameel 'is the reason behind feud with his 
rumoured ex Naomi Campbell'.

Disgraced Dance Moms star Abby Lee Miller's 'surrender date' for 
her one-year prison sentence has been postponed.

'Christina laughed!' Flip or Flop's Tarek El Moussa changes the 
name of his boat to 'Bad Decisions'.

'This is like a movie': Childhood sweethearts tie the knot in the 
FIRST wedding at The View on The Shard live on This Morning 
leaving viewers (and Holly) in tears.

'It's called extreme FOMO': Hannibal Buress pranks Spider-Man 
premiere by sending an imposter in his place.

'You're funny babe!' Jamie Oliver baffles social media after 
posting surprise comment to pop star Lorde on Instagram.

'I was just lying there, naked in torn underwear': Big Little 
Lies star Nicole Kidman says she was bruised and 'humiliated' 
after shocking sex scenes.

Chuc Pamela Anderson flaunts her curves as she enjoys a day in St 
Tropez with son Brandon, 21... after a series of cosy dates with 
'beau' Adil Rami.

Bachelor In Paradise resumes filming in Mexico as it's revealed 
contestants 'have to seek permission from producers before having 
sex'.

He's got a Ticket to Ride! Beatles icon Sir Paul McCartney, 75, 
enjoys casual train ride 'without bodyguards and entourage'... 
(but he is in first class!).

It's about to get a lot hotter on Love Island: Couples face the 
ultimate test as 11 sizzling singletons descend on the villa and 
the camp is split into two.

Klum remains shtum: Downcast Vito Schnabel looks sheepish after 
being pictured kissing mystery brunette... as girlfriend Heidi 
stays mum.

Lucy Mecklenburgh and 'beau' Ryan Thomas keep a low profile as 
they return to London... after being pictured together for first 
time on idyllic Grecian getaway.

Petra Ecclestone and billionaire husband to divorce: 'Abusive' 
James Stunt swears at her father Bernie and makes gun gesture 
during courtroom battle.

Victoria's Secret beauties Taylor Hill and Romee Strijd prove 
their model physiques in figure-hugging denim as they step out in 
NYC.

Long night? Casually-clad Kristen Stewart and supermodel 
girlfriend Stella Maxwell look exhausted following night out in 
West Hollywood.

Making an A-Rod for your own back? Jennifer Lopez's beau Alex 
Rodriguez seen having a heated discussion with a female pal on 
the streets of NYC.

Age-defying Monica Bellucci, 52, puts on a busty display in 
plunging black dress as she steps out for On The Milky Road 
photocall in Madrid.

Let's get physical: Nina Dobrev shows off her toned figure in a 
fluorescent pink sports bra as she pumps iron in a workout video 
for Reebok.

Sex-cerising! Chanelle McCleary flashes her bodacious bottom and 
skimpy thong in a TINY mini-skirt as she leads Big Brother 
housemates in raunchy workout.

Itsy bitsy yellow bikini: Slim Anna Faris flaunts her 
surgically-enhanced assets as she strips down to very skimpy two 
piece to film beach scene for Overboard.

She's barely aged a day! Ex-Home and Away star Christie Hayes, 
30, can STILL fit into her Summer Bay school dress 12 years and 
two kids later.

'We are madly in love': Vanderpump Rules stars Tom Schwartz and 
Katie Maloney hit back at divorce rumors...nearly a year after 
wedding.

Dressed to kill: Kirstie Allsopp 'loves her new slim figure' but 
admits she hates her 'big feet' (and shares tips on best designer 
buys for longer toes).

Want to taco 'bout it? Belly-baring Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott 
both wear RINGS on wedding hand as they hit Mexican eatery for 
lunch.

'No after party': Laidback Sofia Richie rocks statement sweater 
and ripped jeans as she steps out for dinner in West Hollywood.

Black to the future? Katy Perry flaunts bizarre 90s urban vibes 
in a monochrome Adidas tracksuit as she confidently saunters 
through Sydney airport.

I will survive! Emilia Clarke drops MAJOR spoiler on the fate of 
her Game Of Thrones character in magazine interview.

The truth behind the man everyone seems to hate: How James Stunt 
terrified his wife Petra and left his father-in-law 'aghast' as 
he created a public persona with his 'billionaire' claims.

Meet Rumi and Sir Carter! Beyonce and Jay Z's twin names revealed 
as couple file trademarks .

'Birthday bunny!': Cheryl shares a glamorous selfie to celebrate 
her 34th birthday as she thanks fans for making her feel 'so 
special' in gushing post.

Five in a bed! New Love Islands contestants make themselves 
comfortable squeezing together in  spooning challenge.

'I want to f**k you!' Love Island's Montana gets passionate under 
the covers with 'smoking hot' newbie Alex after admitting he 
'ticks all the boxes'.

Look away, Amber! Love Island's Kem Cetinay shares a steamy kiss 
with newbie Chyna Ellis in bed... after offering to suck glamour 
model Danielle Sellers' third NIPPLE.

Ex-TOWIE star Jessica Wright flashes her bralet in a lace blouse 
and green miniskirt as she makes a return to the London party 
scene following LA trip.

Chris Moyles shows off his staggering five-stone weight loss as 
he cosies up to his pretty girlfriend Tiffany Austin at BST Hyde 
Park concert   .

Mel B has squandered $50 MILLION fortune she earned as a Spice 
Girl, court is told as she fights bitter divorce battle with 
estranged husband .

Charlotte Dawson flaunts her pert posterior in a racy semi-sheer 
dress as she celebrates Desperate Scousewives star Amanda 
Harrington's birthday in style.

Brooklyn Beckham gets snap happy as he hosts photography book 
signing in Manchester... attended by hordes of excited female 
fans.

Sandra Bullock's stalker released from mental health facility... 
as actress is granted permanent restraining order.

Billionaire James Stunt FINALLY leaves his £100m marital home - 
in a convoy of Rolls Royce, Lamborghini and a Range Rover and 
clutching two china cats.

'We've never seen him so in love': Sean Bean, 58, marries for 
FIFTH time as he exchanges vows with Ashley Moore, 32, in 
romantic ceremony in Dorset.

Oh yes, she (Ha)did! Model Bella stuns in sultry nude selfie as 
she delights fans with her VERY revealing display during her trip 
to Venice.

Make-up free Lindsay Lohan sports very smooth complexion in 
off-the-shoulder swimsuit as she returns to Greece... one year 
after beach altercation with ex-fiancé in Mykonos.

Celebrating something, ladies? As James Stunt leaves her £100m 
home, Petra Ecclestone and sister Tamara head to the Dorchester 
for a family bash .

Grecian goddess Uma Thurman, 47, wows in plunging ivory gown as 
she picks up lifetime achievement gong at Czech film festival.

Bella Hadid flaunts her endless legs in showstopping black velvet 
strapless gown as she leads the glamour at star-studded Bulgari 
party in Venice.

Linda Carter was back. Mick's  missus returned to Walford from 
Watford with a twisted secret. But Robbie Jackson's comeback was 
an even bigger disaster, writes JIM SHELLEY.

'He said all the right things': Camilla clicks with tattooed new 
boy Craig as Love Island's fresh faces make their mark with 
steamy kissing challenge.

Paying attention Alex?Lottie Moss dons bridal inspired gown as 
she steps out at Bulgari bash in Venice.

Weighing in! Blac Chyna celebrates shedding 52lbs... as she 
shares her grueling post-baby workout.

'This is my first Instagram ever!': Kim Kardashian reminisces 
about her early years of Internet stardom on Social Media Day.

Justin Bieber dons fruity pink shirt for relaxed stroll with 
female pals in the south of France.

Welcome (back) to the jungle! Scarlett Moffatt covers her curves 
in huge camo jacket... as she steps out for first time since her 
new TV show was AXED.

Kristin Cavallari shows off her legs in miniskirt as she reveals 
she has given parenting advice to Hills co-stars Audrina and 
Heidi... but not Lauren.

'He was tired of acting as a nanny for her kids': Kerry Katona 
has split from third husband George Kay after three years of 
marriage following 'string of rows'.

Hawaii Five-0 veterans Daniel Dae Kim and Grace Park will not 
return for season eight following pay dispute.

Mindy Kaling parts ways with Hollywood Hills home overlooking 
Sunset Strip for $1.61 million.

'This show is close to my heart': Jennifer Lopez, 47, says she's 
'proud' her series World Of Dance has been picked up for second 
season.

Jay Z disses Halle Berry's cheating ex Eric Benet on 4:44... as 
he admits to nearly losing Beyonce after he strayed.

Having a ball! Romeo Beckham, 14, shows off his sporting skills 
as he takes to the court at Aspall Tennis Classic match in London.

Berry nice! Halle stuns in sheer floral dress... after Jay-Z 
disses her cheating ex Eric Benet in new track.

C'est la vie! Sofia Richie gives glam a day off as she wears 
oversized T-shirt and leggings to enjoy a French lunch in West 
Hollywood.

Michael Jackson's father Joe Jackson rushed to hospital after car 
crash in Las Vegas.

The rise of 'designer nipples': Surgeon reports huge surge in 
patients wanting a 'nipple tuck' so they can wear see-through 
shirts like Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid.

Former TOWIE star Maria Fowler shows off her killer abs in khaki 
green bikini as she hits the beach with partner Kelvin Batey and 
baby daughter Evie in Greece.

'You tramp!' Adele surprises fans at sold-out gig as she slams 
Love Island star Gabby Allen for sleeping with Marcel 
Somerville... but admits she's still a fan.

Now The Doors take action: Kylie and Kendall Jenner hit with 
ANOTHER cease and desist after featuring band on unauthorised 
shirts.

Back to the Big Apple: Princess Beatrice flies back to New York 
for work after week of glittering society events in London.

Heidi Montag wears neon pink sports bra as husband Spencer Pratt 
kisses her baby bump during hike in Colorado.

'She's going to hate this': Nicola Roberts marks Cheryl's 34th 
birthday with a VERY cheeky throwback picture... but Liam's yet 
to mark the milestone.

'I can't get out! I'm stuck!': Gerard Butler posts hilarious 
video of himself getting lost in a 'spooky' garden maze.

Rita Ora flaunts her tanned and toned legs in a tiny opulent 
beaded skirt and white slogan T-shirt as she turns heads during 
chic outing in Paris.

'That's like cheating': Nice guy Marcel Somerville passionately 
snogs new girl Shannen... just THREE DAYS after asking Gabby to 
be his girl.

Not Beverly Hills, 90210: Purple-haired Tori Spelling heads to 
discount store Target with husband and kids amid crippling 
financial woes.

BAE-watch! Love Island's Tyla Carr sizzles in a one piece as she 
poses for photoshoot... but could she be set to move on from 
Jonny as new hunks enter villa? .

It's a royal washout! Charles and Camilla are met with heavy rain 
as they touch down in Ontario - after a VERY windswept start to 
their Canada tour.

Celebrity photographer Mario Testino and Kim Kardashian's 
favourite makeup artist Charlotte Tilbury join Derek Blasberg and 
Hikari Yokoyama on the culture committee of historic A-list haunt 
Annabel's.

'Working on a secret project!' Diva Victoria Beckham rocks 
sunglasses and silk gown monogrammed with her own initials in 
sassy snap.

This is what Britney Spears does when she can't sleep: Singer 
wears micro shorts as she rearranges furniture in Singapore hotel 
room with bodyguard.

Bill Cosby shares victorious tweets saying a judge has dismissed 
'most' of the claims filed against him by one of his sexual 
assault accusers.

'What unemployment looks like!' Madonna grips her hat with her 
teeth as she takes thrilling golf cart ride with daughters Stella 
and Mercy.

Good mommy! Reese Witherspoon shows off toned legs in checkered 
blue dress after buying son Deacon a donut pool toy.

Alec Baldwin and wife Hilaria step out in the Hamptons with their 
kids hours before vow renewal...and daughter Ireland joins them.

'I would break the scales... I'm miserable': Chanelle Hayes has a 
SICK bucket during interview to talk 'high-risk' pregnancy as she 
vomits 40 TIMES a day.

Clint Eastwood's daughter Francesca shows off a hint of cleavage 
in lacy backless blouse as she parties up a storm with 
billionaire Justin Murdock.

'He told me to have an abortion': Kathryn Dennis claims ex Thomas 
Ravenel urged her terminate both pregnancies in Southern Charm 
reunion clip .

Katie Price cosies up to recently booted-out Big Brother 
contestant Lotan Carter... as she struggles to contain her VERY 
ample assets in plunging corset catsuit.

'I would prolly die with all the shame': Jay-Z apologises to 
Beyonce as he appears to 'admit to cheating' in several new 
songs... and 'Becky' even gets a mention.

Leo Messi rolls out the red carpet (yes RED carpet) for his 
wedding guests as stars including singer Shakira arrive to see 
Barcelona star marry his childhood sweetheart .

'She had an affair': Love Island newbie Craig Lawson's family hit 
back at his ex-fiancée's claims that he 'ditched their young son 
to enter villa'... as it is revealed he is Amy Childs' cousin.

Desperate Big Brother sinks to new lows in an attempt to claw 
back Love Island's ratings lead... as Chanelle shows how to put a 
condom on a BANANA.

Emma Willis shows off her casual style as she steps out in London 
in a quirky pair of leopard print shoes... after rocking blue 
suit for Big Brother hosting duties.

'It was a s**t storm': Will Ferrell confirms Mariah Carey was 
late to set, refused to do a scene and demanded stuffed toys 
before her movie cameo was scrapped.

'I was protecting myself': Calvin Harris defends snapping at 
ex-girlfriend Taylor Swift after their split... as he felt like 
his talent was being 'belittled'.

Bikini-clad Coleen Rooney shows off her curves as she splashes in 
the sea with her children on a relaxed family holiday in Ibiza.

'Vacay all day': Lea Michele highlights her perky derriere and 
toned legs in bright blue bathing suit during Hawaiian holiday.

Someone's happy! Jennifer Aniston giggles and clutches Justin 
Theroux's hand as they leave party.

'Tabloid legend': Kim Kardashian is seen in early days of fame - 
before she wore couture and flew private jets - in rare snap from 
2008 with Kourtney.

'They all look the same': Love Island viewers slam show's 
unoriginal new line-up for lacking in diversity as four out of 
the five girls are ALL blonde.

Showing him what he's missing! Love Island's Chloe Crowhurst 
flaunts her toned midriff and endless legs as Jon Clark DENIES 
that the pair are back on.

Corrie stars mourn Street superfan killed in Manchester bombing 
as he is laid to rest in a coffin bearing pictures of his soap 
heroes.

Jorgie Porter flaunts her ample assets in unbuttoned baseball 
shirt and flashes her toned legs in skimpy nude ensemble for 
sizzling shoot in LA .

A one-woman fashion show! Paris Hilton pulls a Britney Spears by 
trying on EIGHT sexy outfits in her mansion for Snapchat 
followers.

Helping them say I do! Amy Schumer gives unsuspecting couple a 
day to remember when she photobombs their wedding pictures in 
London.

'They confuse me with her security guard!': Alex Rodriguez admits 
Jennifer Lopez's fans don't know who he is and it's been 
'humbling'.

Sold! Rob Kardashian sells Calabasas home for $2.44m...over one 
year after Kris Jenner 'helped' him buy it.

Poldark beauty Eleanor Tomlinson put on a leggy display in 
thigh-skimming lace dress as she swaps the Cornwall coast for 
Wimbledon tennis event.

He's back! Ryan Reynolds is in full Wade Wilson makeup as he 
films Deadpool 2 in the rain.

Hello sunshine! Katie Holmes keeps it casual in blue jeans and 
black top as she grabs coffee .

Braless Nicole Scherzinger almost spills out of her dress... as 
she appears VERY worse-for-wear after grinding on scantily-clad 
woman on wild night.

'I went deeper into the fog': Una Healey bravely discusses battle 
with postnatal depression which left her 'wearing same robe for 
six weeks'.

Catherine Tyldesley cuts a chic figure as she steps out in a sexy 
leather midi skirt and cleavage-baring shirt with husband Tom 
Pitfield.

'It's like a whoopee cushion!' JP grapples with heavily pregnant 
Binky's 'granny pants' as he gives her pre-labour massage in new 
Born In Chelsea trailer.

More money woes for bankrupt Boris Becker as tennis star lands 
his THIRD parking ticket in a week... just four days after his 
£65k Maserati is towed.

'I love WR': Kai Rooney, seven, writes an adorable coded message 
to his father Wayne on his arm... as he goes on a family trip to 
the seaside in Ibiza.

Lily Collins looks much slimmer at To The Bone screening with 
Keanu Reeves... after admitting she shocked friends and family 
with her weight-loss for anorexia role.

Park Life! Billie Faiers proves she's a fun mum as she enjoys day 
at playground with daughter Nelly, 2, while flaunting figure in 
gym gear.

'Legends should be respected!' Paris Jackson slams Kendall and 
Kylie Jenner as sisters issue apology for unauthorized use of 
Notorious B.I.G's image.

A family affair! Belgium's royals come together to celebrate 
Queen Paola's birthday - and adorable baby Anna makes her first 
public appearance.

'Wouldn't I?' Holly Willoughby covers up her famous cleavage in 
baggy t-shirt for cheeky bathroom selfie.... after fans question 
'where her curves have gone'.

Love Island newcomer Danielle Sellers flaunts her cleavage in an 
oversized Playboy shirt and velvet bikini... as 11 new 
contestants descend on the villa.

'He wants to go on a date': Katy Perry INSISTS One Direction star 
Niall Horan 'won't stop flirting with her'... after he claimed he 
'just wants to be her friend'.

Revealed: How Rihanna's new man's uncle abducted his British 
daughter, 9 and fought court case over reports linking him to 
Osama bin Laden.

Look away now, Megan! TOWIE star Pete Wicks poses for photos with 
a bevy of bikini-clad women as he enjoys a pool party in Magaluf 
solo.

She's still got it! Reese Witherspoon, 41, sizzles in black 
bathing suit with fur coat draped over her shoulder as she poses 
for photo shoot in LA.

Inseparable! Make-up free Kylie Jenner looks VERY different from 
her saucy social media snaps as she holds hands with beau Travis 
Scott on dinner date.

Back to work: Khloe Kardashian poses seductively in a 
barely-there bodysuit as she plugs her line... after enjoying a 
long weekend celebrating her 33rd.

Glaston-bleary: David Beckham is exhausted and emotional at his 
first Glasto experience... but giddy Victoria shows no signs of 
slowing down during Ed Sheeran's set.

Justin Bieber's protégée Madison Beer flaunts her toned tummy in 
sexy bralette as she makes leggy exit in tiny skirt after dinner 
in LA.

Oh Jim! Claire Danes cracks up as she films A Boy Named Jake with 
funnyman Parsons .

'Shortest subscription ever!' Mark Ronson signs up to Tidal... 
only to be told he can't listen to new Jay Z album.

Kevin Hart's pregnant wife Eniko Parrish flaunts her blossoming 
baby bump as she cools off in the sea in a skimpy floral bikini 
in Palm Beach.

'My manhood is unused for something supposed to be worth £12m!' 
BB's Lotan Carter insists he isn't getting any action... and 
regrets over THAT exit.

Pamela Anderson enjoys yet another dinner date with French 
footballer Adil Rami... as their rumoured romance continues to 
heat up in St Tropez.

'I could smell my eyebrows!' Game Of Thrones star Eugene Simon 
reveals how he found humour in his character Lancel's fiery death 
scene.

Rita Ora shows off dad-inspired fashion as she wears sensible 
socks and sandals combination for her arrival at the BBC Radio 2 
studios .

Lady in love! Actress Chrissy Metz looks stunning in scarlet 
dress as she poses with hunky boyfriend Josh Stancil at 
Television Academy event.

Mummy means business! Corrie's Helen Flanagan power dresses in 
fitted blazer as she cradles daughter Matilda after celebrating 
her 2nd birthday.

Rihanna's billionaire beau Hassan Jameel 'flew life-size bear 
half way around the world on an empty jet to woo her'... as she 
reveals to friends she's 'in love'.

Celebrating in the sun! Olivia Munn shrugs off Aaron Rodgers 
split to enjoy 37th birthday in a teeny bikini at a lavish villa 
in Turks and Caicos.

He's made a boob: Leo DiCaprio's model 'ex' Roxy Horner flashes a 
hint of leg in biker-style jumpsuit as ex TOWIE star Vas Morgan 
cups her cleavage.

Miley Cyrus is surprised by her family with a funky renovated 
barn in her hometown of Tennessee... as her doting dad Billy Ray 
shows off his mullet.

Rolling Stones icon Keith Richards, 73, is pictured for the first 
time since death of former flame Anita Pallenberg as he heads to 
recording studio.

'Let's all shed some blood together!' Katy Perry reveals plans to 
get new tattoo with her tour crew... and says talks about her 
radical reinvention .

He's got your back! Jennifer Lopez is supported by boyfriend Alex 
Rodriguez as she films dramatic hospital scene on the set of 
Shades Of Blue.

They could be sisters! Lady Kitty Spencer is joined by her VERY 
glamorous mother Victoria Aitken at Tatler's English Roses 2017 
party.

Girls just wanna have fun! Love Island star Tina Stinnes goes 
wild as she bares her sideboob in very short green mini dress 
with Lady Nadia Essex.

Serena Williams' coach reveals he was angry she didn't tell him 
about her pregnancy ahead of her Australian Open win and casts 
doubt on her return.

She's the main attraction! Queen Maxima is fabulous in fuchsia as 
she's greeted by hundreds of adoring wellwishers in The 
Netherlands .

Louis Tomlinson's girlfriend Eleanor Calder shows off her flat 
stomach in a crop top... as she makes return to the public months 
after 1D star's airport brawl.

Looking more than al-white! Braless Bianca Gascoigne puts on an 
eye-popping display in a plunging trouser suit during night out 
on the town.

Chloe Sims flashes her eye-popping cleavage in a VERY plunging 
scarlet jumpsuit as she storms TINGS magazine launch party in 
London.

The cheek of her! Tyga's 'ex' Demi Rose flaunts her hourglass 
curves in red PVC lingerie for steamy photoshoot .

Her good luck charm! Sam Taylor-Johnson, 50, brings younger hubby 
Aaron, 27, to premiere of her Netflix series Gypsy.

Model behaviour: Off-duty Winnie Harlow is effortlessly chic as 
she leaves the Rum Kitchen in London with Jourdan Dunn who teases 
in a skimpy vest top.

Ariana Grande performs on a stationary bike in Rio to sold out 
crowd as she resumes world tour after devastating Manchester 
attack .

The kid is alright! Annette Bening spends the day shopping with 
teenage daughter Ella in Los Angeles.

That could've been awkward! Pete Wentz's model girlfriend Meagan 
Camper narrowly avoids wardrobe malfunction while on family 
outing.

Move over Kate and Pippa. Socially ambitious hotel heiresses with 
royal pals have business savvy.... and a VERY determined mother.

Director Ron Howard posts picture of his shoes from his first day 
on set of Han Solo movie...as he 'dare' not reveal more about 
Stars Wars spin-off.

Raiding Kendall's closet? Macho rapper A$AP Rocky wears model 
girlfriend Jenner's 'We Should All Be Feminists' T-shirt.

Russell Crowe, Monica Lewinsky and Skeletor join hundreds of 
celebrities wishing happy birthday to bullied boy after dad's 
Twitter plea.

'I want to truly live': Andrew Garfield and Claire Foy star in 
first trailer for Breathe... as it's picked to open the London 
Film Festival in October.

She's still got it! Janice Dickinson, 62, is a sight to behold as 
she goes makeup free at posh hair salon.

Such a stunner! Alessandra Ambrosio flaunts long legs in 
thigh-skimming white mini dress in Brazil.

Forever our girl! Busty Paula Abdul, 55, shows off acrobatic 
dance moves on Michigan stop of The Total Package Tour.

What a bag, lady! Elle Fanning shows her trendy style in 
oversized high rise jeans while carrying large duffel after 
leaving a studio in Los Angeles.

Bon Appetit! Katy Perry wears electric blue eighties-inspired 
leather ensemble as she eats a biscuit on stage while announcing 
her Australian tour.

Hello petal! Naomi Watts delights in embroidered floral frock at 
Netflix screening in NYC.

'Hey Justin Bieber, tired of being a loser?' Ben Stiller reprises 
Dodgeball's White Goodman in celeb challenge for charity event.

'She has embarrassed me in front of the whole world': Niall Horan 
says he is mortified after being shut down by Katy Perry and 
insists he was NOT trying to flirt .

Nice swing, dad! Mike Tindall plays a round with his gorgeous 
daughter Mia at charity golf event (and the three-year-old even 
has the royally good manners to clean up the bunkers).

Harry Kane gets engaged to girlfriend Kate Goodland to cap off 
stunning year for Tottenham Hotspur striker.

Ab-baring Emily Ratajkowski braves the risk of a wardrobe 
mishap... as she sizzles in a double denim ensemble that sits 
daringly around her bust.

Leggy Jennifer Lopez puts on a sizzling display in a bejewelled 
gown slashed to the hips... as she is joined by besotted 
boyfriend Alex Rodriguez backstage at her New York concert.

EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't want to be boobs hanging out every time': 
Jodie Marsh reveals her plans to undergo a breast reduction... as 
she claims she 'feels sorry' for those addicted to surgery.

Pedal power! From Victoria Pendleton to Miley and Madonna... The 
A-list are leaping on their bikes and inspiring a wave of people 
to take up cycling.

Busty Chloe Goodman puts on a sizzling display as she flaunts her 
assets in a plunging snakeskin swimsuit while soaking up the 
sunshine in LA.

'She seems quite taken by him': 'Hot felon' Jeremy Meeks 
'frolics' aboard luxury yacht with British heiress Chloe Green... 
as wife Melissa Meeks shares emotional Instagram post.

Watch out Rio! Kate Wright displays her famous assets in plunging 
lilac maxi dress... after catching newly-wed pal's wedding 
bouquet.

'She thought they'd be spending more time together, not less': 
Victoria Beckham 'upset over increasing time apart' from David as 
they are 'swamped by work commitments'.

'Why did you have to do this with your top off?' Love Island star 
Jessica Shears faces backlash from fans after posting a teeth 
whitening ad topless.

Slender Holly Willoughby shows off her svelte new figure in a 
striped blue skirt as she joins fellow face of Garnier Fearne 
Cotton in support of Unicef.

You're a long way from Essex! TOWIE star Megan McKenna sports 
cowboy boots as she attempts to launch a new career as a country 
singer for latest TV show in Nashville.

Movie critic Barry Norman - who presented BBC's long-running 
cinema show Film... for 26 years - dies aged 83.

Cara Delevingne shows off her flawless complexion as she 
continues to rock cute pixie cut at Valerian and the City of A 
Thousand Planets press conference.

'She expected the cameras to switch off, but they just kept 
rolling!' Love Island's Jessica Shears admits her own GRAN 
watched onscreen romp with Dominic Lever... but she was 'fine' 
with it.

'Wink wink': Perrie Edwards sets pulses racing yet again on 
Instagram with a very sultry display... following THAT sexy snap 
of her derriere that caused a stir among fans.

How Low(e) can you go! Model Daisy flaunts her ample assets in a 
VERY plunging lace dress... as she cuddles up to BFF Nick 
Grimshaw .

She's made the cut! The Apprentice UK star Selina Waterman-Smith 
displays ample curves in cutaway swimsuit as she hits the beach 
in Dubai.

Pink-haired Pixie Lott puts on a leggy display in TINY minidress 
as she parties with fiancé Oliver Cheshire on sun-soaked holiday 
in Ibiza.

This is her Perfect Moment! Martine McCutcheon puts on an 
affectionate display with husband Jack McManus as they attend 
Phill Collins gig at British Summer Time Festival.

Golfing with the stars: Denise Van Outen and Ronan Keating tee 
off for the Celebrity Cup as famous faces are pitted against each 
other in aid of the Irish singer's cancer charity.

Tallia Storm rocks out in a biker jacket and thigh-skimming 
leather skirt and gets political in a feminist T-shirt as she 
dines with her sister at The Ivy.

She's cheeky! Justin Bieber's 'fling' Sahara Ray grasps her 
peachy posterior as she squeezes into a skimpy swimsuit for new 
video.

Clearly amazing! Kourtney Kardashian goes braless in clinging top 
while leaving LA studio with mystery man.

Celine Dion oozes Parisian glamour in a pinstripe suit with 
flamboyant frills as her dramatic image overhaul continues in the 
French capital.

Girls Aloud star Nicola Roberts knocked motorcyclist off his bike 
'and hurled abuse at him for denting her £60,000 Porsche' .

Louise Thompson shows off her VERY pert bottom in tiny bikini 
bottoms as she cosies up to Ryan Libbey in Ibiza on their NINTH 
holiday of the year.

'It's pointless them being on the show': Marnie Simpson and Casey 
Johnson continue to fuel romance rumours while filming for MTV's 
Single AF... as fans urge the duo to date each other.

'I'm still in awe of him': Alicia Keys gushes over husband Swizz 
Beats in heartfelt post.

Frankie goes to Hollywood! Reality star Essex puts on a leggy 
display in floral mini-dress as she can barely contain her 
excitement during trip to LA.

Let's get leathered! Lottie Moss catches the eye in edgy biker 
jacket as she enjoys a late night out with pals.

'Love Island gets us in the mood!' Katie Price admits raunchy 
show spices up her sex life with husband Kieran Hayler...and she 
won't let him watch it without her.

Booty-ful! Jennifer Lopez flaunts famous backside as she twerks 
in white bodysuit during Fourth of July concert in New York.

Just like Hercules! Hugh Jackman shows off his athletic physique 
in a tight white T-shirt as he holidays with family in Greece.

Fire and ice! Bella Hadid flashes cleavage in plunging white 
dress as she joins scarlet-clad supermodel Lily Aldridge at 
Bulgari bash in Venice.

Gemma Arterton lets her hair down at Britsh Summertime Festival 
as she puffs on a rolled up cigarette and devours a burger.

'He's very objectified in this movie!' Kristen Dunst jokes that 
Colin Farrell had to be a 'good sport' on the set of the 
female-fronted film The Beguiled.

'Bernie couldn't find any billions... or even millions': As James 
Stunt - the man everyone seems to hate - leaves £100m home, we 
reveal how he made 'billionaire' image.

Proud of something? Hailey Baldwin flashes her amazing abs in 
minimalist black sports bra while shopping in New York.

Casual flyer! Kourtney Kardashian opts for style with comfort in 
black and red tracksuit as she jets out of LAX.

Hollywood legend Kirk Douglas, 100, takes a relaxed stroll in 
Beverly Hills... following the success of his second memoir.

'Miley has always called me a goth!' Noah Cyrus says she and her 
famous sister are 'each other's fashion icons'... after backlash 
over her new tattoos.

'He likes her': Big Brother's Lotan Carter enjoys passionate 
embrace with Made In Chelsea's Daisy Robins at Katie Price's 
party... as sources say romance is possible.

Cosmetically enhanced 'Human Ken Doll' Rodrigo Alves shows off 
his trim figure in slim-fitting plaid suit as he parties in 
London.

'I want to hang up my jersey before it's embarrassing': 
'Fatigued' Robert Downey Jr hints at SHOCK Iron Man exit after 
seeing Tom Holland's 'bright and enthusiastic' Spiderman.

Born to ride: Bruce Springsteen's daughter Jessica soars over 
jumps on her horse Cynar in the Longines Paris Eiffel Jumping 
competition.

Catching some rays! Glenn Close, 70, hits the beach in bright 
red-orange bathing suit during sun-soaked Caribbean getaway.

Smooth moves? Lorde shows off her VERY unique dancing at Roskilde 
Festival in Denmark after topping the charts with new album 
Melodrama.

Girls night! Jennifer Garner is full of laughs as she enjoys a 
night out with a pal in Malibu on two year anniversary of her 
split from Ben Affleck.

Has Nigella lost yet more weight? Famously curvy chef appears far 
from her usual glamorous self as she strolls through London.

 'He does know a lot of the cast': James Lock reveals Love 
Island's Kem Cetinay COULD join The Only Way Is Essex after hunky 
hairdresser leaves the villa.

Champion! Doting dad Wayne Rooney lifts baby Kit aloft as the 
family enjoy their summer getaway in Spain before start of the 
football season.

Zoe Ball puts on brave face as she makes rare public appearance 
following the death of her boyfriend to attend the BST Hyde Park 
concert.

Life's a beach! Justin Bieber displays his chiseled abs while 
splashing around the South of France.

Boss babe! Paris Hilton and boyfriend Chris Zylka share a smooch 
at LAX before jetting off to Ibiza via London .

Orange crush! Sarah Hyland commands attention in plunging terra 
cotta dress with slinky backless design.

Mo money no problems! Kendall Jenner smiles from ear-to-ear in 
shoulder-baring top...after Notorious B.I.G. unauthorized T-shirt 
fiasco.

Mel B has squandered her $50 MILLION Spice Girls fortune, court 
is told as her estranged husband demands she sells $8 million Los 
Angeles home.

Flower power! Jada Pinkett Smith stuns in floral-patterned 
creation for New Orleans premiere of Girls Trip.

'I Do' number two! Hilaria Baldwin dazzles in glittering 
champagne gown as she and Alec renew their vows in intimate 
Hamptons ceremony.

Going somewhere chilly? Kirsten Dunst wraps up in turtleneck and 
jeans as she jets out of sweltering LA.

Casual day in La La Land! Emma Stone dons all-black including 
clinging leggings as she sips on coffee after Pilates class in LA.

These boots are made for flying! Kendall Jenner dons snakeskin 
footwear and teal crop top for flight out of LA.

Beguiled with baggage! Elle Fanning sports crop top while 
boarding flight out of LAX with SIX suitcases.

One peachy posterior! Chanel Iman flaunts her fine figure in tiny 
bikini during beach day with boyfriend Sterling Shepard.

You're gonna hear her Roar! Katy Perry looks TERRIFIED as she 
gets up close and personal with a GIANT Python, Komodo dragon and 
a cuddly wombat on Sunrise.

Showing some love to the fans! Katy Perry blows kisses to 
onlookers as she drops by Australian radio show.

Michelle Rodriguez shows off her laid back chic style in quirky 
striped trousers as she runs errands in Los Angeles.

No hiding those legs! Jenna Dewan Tatum shows fit figure in 
camouflage leggings as she drops daughter Everly off at summer 
day camp.

'I definitely feel he's been stalking me': Mischa Barton cites 
'doctored' sex tape in restraining order hearing against 
ex-boyfriend Adam Spaw.

'Hello heaven!': Olivia Munn shows off her pert derriere in green 
swimsuit on all-girl vacation in Turks & Caicos.

Is Ben Cohen taking part in I'm A Celebrity? Ex-Rugby Union ace 
rumoured to be joining line-up... after costly divorce and 
falling for Strictly dance partner Kristina Rihanoff.

'It means a lot to me': Phil Collins, 66, honoured with the Icon 
Award at Nordoff Robbins charity gala... as limping singer jokes 
about looking 'a bit of a shambles'.

'I'm heartbroken': Adele CANCELS last two Wembley shows this 
weekend after damaging her vocal cords as she begs fans to 
forgive her.

Why babies smell lovely, but teenagers pong: Newborns have a 
pleasant scent so that parents are encouraged to take care of 
them, research shows .

Feeling relaxed? Casual cool Ryan Gosling is dressed for comfort 
while leaving acupuncture clinic in LA after promotional tour.

Phil Collins belts out his killer vocals as he gives impassioned 
performance alongside Debbie Harry during BST Hyde Park gig .

Spoiled rotten! Khloe Kardashian sizzles in skin tight bodysuit 
while carrying $5200 Gucci purse... three days after 33rd 
birthday blowout.

'It's a sorry, not sorry type of thing': Niall Horan reveals he's 
unapologetic after knocking singer Jessica Mauboy off the top of 
the iTunes charts.

Cheeky Gail Porter suggests that 'Matt Lucas in drag' could play 
her in a film about her life... as she jokes that she looks like 
a 'massive baby with boobs' .

Make-up free Naomi Watts is casual chic in black blazer and faded 
denim... after admitting son is obsessed with her movie The Ring.

My, how they've grown! Hugh Jackman and wife Deborra-Lee Furness 
holiday in Greece with children Ava, 11, and Oscar, 17.

'You gave him 20 million without thinkin': New Jay-Z track calls 
out Kanye West... and seems to confirm rumored massive loan.

Sir Cliff spent £280,000 to clear his name after the BBC aired a 
police raid on his home when he was arrested on child abuse 
claims .

Model mum! Lily Aldridge and cute daughter Dixie take to gondola 
for day of sightseeing in Venice .

SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Conservation charity which has Prince 
Charles as its patron objects to Kensington Palace's £24m 
basement extension .

SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: In full bloom, English roses come out to 
play as Keith Richards' granddaughter is the belle of the ball .

Jumpin' Jack cash! Rolling Stones set to pocket £2m from new 
album.

Debbie Harry's hat is fit for a hive as she takes to the stage in 
Hyde Park .

She's a gem! Newlywed Kenya Moore flaunts sizable sparkler for 
the first time at Essence Festival in New Orleans.

Writing their own love song! Brie Larson and guitar-toting fiance 
Alex Greenwald are all smiles at airport.

NBC cancels The Carmichael Show after three seasons... as creator 
Jerrod Carmichael says he's 'excited to go make other things'.

We should all be rich! Self-professed feminist Demi Lovato steps 
out in a $700 statement T-shirt at LAX.

Don't make him angry! Mark Ruffalo prepares to Hulk out against 
Iron Man on the set of Avengers: Infinity War (but Robert Downey 
Jr skips out).

Make-up free Lindsay Lohan sports very smooth complexion in 
off-the-shoulder swimsuit as she returns to Greece... a year 
after beach altercation with ex-fiancé in Mykonos.

'Feud: Olivia and FX': Olivia de Havilland sues channel and 
'Feud' producer Ryan Murphy over her portrayal.

'She's one of my best friends:' Katy Perry reveals special bond 
with fellow pop star Sia... after announcing a 2018 Australian 
tour.

Did Britain's most hated woman SAVE the monarchy? Biographer 
PENNY JUNOR says Camilla is far from being the mistress who 
destroyed the Royal Family .

Elizabeth, the gold sovereign: Queen marks 150th anniversary of 
Canada's formation with platinum maple-leaf brooch her father 
gave to her mother on first trip there.

'Wanna play?' Jennifer Tilly's doll ex goes on murder rampage in 
an asylum in first trailer for Cult of Chucky.

Can I trust my husband when his flirting is like a stab in the 
heart? .

Back with a bang! The Biggest Loser's Fiona Falkiner debuts sleek 
new hairdo after returning from South American holiday.

'Not a scratch': Michael Jackson's father Joe Jackson 'safe and 
healthy' after Las Vegas car accident.

Ready for the next swimsuit issue? Sports Illustrated cover girl 
Hailey Clauson flaunts toned abs in pink sports bra while jogging 
in New York.

'Best invention ever!': Ryan Lochte's fiancé Kayla turns to 
high-tech SNOO bassinet for help with newborn son after falling 
ill.

'He was blow-waving my hair during contractions': Yummy Mummies' 
Jane Scandizzo reveals celebrity stylist husband pampered her as 
she gave birth to 'look good in photos'.

Scary Spice's £38m blow-out: A £200k armoured car. Three 
waterfalls for her pool. An £1m island as a pressie for her ex... 
so THAT'S how Mel B lost her pop fortune .

Dribbles like a don, dances like a donkey! After that very Messi 
kiss, now world's best footballer Lionel is mocked for his two 
left feet on the dancefloor .

'You are beautiful inside and out in an extra special way': Paddy 
McGuinness' wife Christine reveals their four-year-old twins have 
autism.

Let's get physical! Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace suffers a nip slip in 
VERY daring pink swimsuit as she puts on cheeky display around 
the pool.

Masterchef's Gregg Wallace splashes out on £1million five-bedroom 
country retreat (and yes, it's got an amazing kitchen) .

Amber and Kem's relationship comes to a shuddering halt on Love 
Island as they both choose new partners in shock re-coupling... 
which saw SEVEN of the islanders eliminated.

'If it happened everything I thought was special wasn't to her': 
Love Island's Dom would DITCH Jess if she confirms romp with 
Mike... but hints he was  thinking about proposing.

Dua Lipa flaunts her fantastic figure in a yellow bra... while 
Tove Lo and Anne Marie put on similarly busty displays as they 
perform at British Summer Time in Hyde Park.

'I'm having a bad night': Rambling Justin Bieber baffles crowd at 
BST gig as he scolds backing singers and accidentally shoves 
vapour rub up his NOSE.

Sister act! Ex-TOWIE star Jess Wright dons ab-baring ensemble as 
she joins model sibling Natalya to watch Justin Bieber at British 
Summer Time festival.

'They weren't holding back': Gemma Arterton spotted kissing Peaky 
Blinders star Rory Keenan at Hyde Park's British Summer Time 
festival.

Sun-sational: Made In Chelsea star Georgia Toffolo flaunts her 
toned abs in a skimpy floral bikini as she holidays with her 
fellow cast members in Ibiza.

'I dumped him when I found out he cheated!': Ex-fiancée of Love 
Island star Jonny Mitchell claims his infidelity was the reason 
behind calling off their wedding.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Lauren Goodger dresses to impress in plunging 
striped jumpsuit as she visits her jailbird beau Joey Morrison in 
prison.

British Stunner Time! Mollie King flashes her cleavage and long 
legs in playsuit as busty Daisy Lowe rocks red dress at Justin 
Bieber's London gig.

Scantily-clad Lottie Moss flaunts toned pins and cleavage in tiny 
bralette and shorts at star-studded British Summer Time festival 
in Hyde Park .

'Sick to death of her drama': Fans' fury at Adele's 'zero work 
ethic' after star cancels shows because of damaged vocal cords - 
leaving some hundreds of pounds out of pocket .

Italian millionaire Gianluca Vacchi, 49, shows off his beach body 
in a tiny pair of white swimming shorts.

Sheer delight! Kirsten Dunst showcases her impeccable style in 
the FROW at Rodarte's Paris Fashion Week.

What would Brucie say? Tess Daly puts on an unusually edgy 
display in a Nirvana T-shirt and denim skirt as she and husband 
Vernon Kay arrive at British Summer Time in Hyde Park.

Wayne Rooney can't resist showering his young sons in kisses 
while bronzed wife Coleen continues to flaunt her trim figure in 
a sizzling camo bikini on yacht in Formentera.

Love Island's Gabby Allen is shocked after seeing a picture of 
beau Marcel Somerville in bed with another girl following his 
smooch with newcomer Shannen .

Big Brother reaches new ratings lows as just 650,000 tune in 
after four new housemates are introduced... as Love Island rakes 
in millions of viewers.

The Real Slim-Jamie: MIC star Jamie Laing shaves off his 
trademark blonde locks... but shocked fans compare him to Eminem 
and Judge Rinder.

Splish splash! Christina Milian leaves little to the imagination 
in tiny lavender bathing suit as she continues her Miami getaway.

Baby Can I Hold You! Ronan Keating's leggy wife Storm takes baby 
Cooper for stroll as she supports the singer at star-studded 
charity golf tournament.

Let me entertain you! Mike Tindall performs the Stayin' Alive 
dance on the golf course - the morning after serenading Zara with 
Me and Mrs Jones at a charity event .

EXCLUSIVE: 'She loved having everyone around': Liam Payne throws 
Cheryl a magical garden party for her 34th... before the birthday 
girl cosies up to watch Love Island .

'It's getting hot in here!' Pink gets stuck in an elevator with 
daughter Willow.

Sunday best! Dapper Fergie takes buttoned up son Axl to church .

Newlywed Miranda Kerr looks sophisticated in polka dots as she 
flashes her stunning wedding ring.

Newly single Kerry Katona wows in TINY playsuit as she gets back 
to work alongside daughter Molly for performance at Big Day 
Out... after dumping third husband George Kay.

Nicole sees this as Bangkok Hilton 2.0? Kidman 'approaches key 
Hollywood bosses' to play convicted drug smuggler Schapelle Corby 
in blockbuster film.

Bella Hadid flashes her enviably toned midriff in quirky denim 
co-ord as she joins suited and booted Kendall Jenner at the Miu 
Miu AW17 catwalk show in Paris.

Zoe Ball is pictured looking relaxed with friends as she makes 
rare public appearance following the death of boyfriend Billy 
Yates... after insisting she is 'doing good' to her fans.

Payback! Kanye West 'intensifies feud with Jay-Z by QUITTING 
Tidal after being owed more than $3million'... as former BFF 
takes a dig at him on new album 4:44.

Wish you were here, Justin? Bieber's 'ex-fling' Sahara Ray 
flaunts her VERY ample breasts in high cut bikini bottoms and a 
see-through dress.

Nicole Scherzinger flaunts her toned tummy and VERY peachy 
derriere in skimpy string bikini as she celebrates her birthday 
weekend on Greek getaway.

'You can't have two queens!' Mary J Blige gets personal about her 
divorce as she blasts ex Kendu Isaacs onstage.

Not Leonidas any more! How Gerard Butler has gone from being a 
buff Spartan king in 300 to sporting a sizeable paunch on holiday 
.

'I'll buy the hat for the wedding': Love Island's Camilla teases 
Montana over Alex Beattie 'boob grab' confession.

Love Island's Kady McDermott flaunts gym-honed physique in a 
skimpy pale pink crop top... as she puts her body through its 
paces for outdoor workout.

Back in Top Gear (almost)! Richard Hammond hobbles on crutches as 
he returns to work after fracturing his knee in terrifying 120mph 
supercar crash.

Katy Perry makes subtle dig at Little Mix as she discusses the 
importance of politics in music... just one month after posing 
with the group on social media.

Susan Boyle goes for full glamour in green gown as she hits red 
carpet at film festival... after hitting out at local hooligans 
who have made her life hell.

Heavy night? Casually clad Brooklyn Beckham looks exhausted as he 
arrives for his book signing in London... after partying into the 
early hours with Justin Bieber.

Corporate chic! Joanna Krupa shows off taut midriff in black 
pantsuit on night out in LA.

'Nothing to see here guys': Vicky Pattison causes chaos on Sunday 
Brunch when her microphone gets tangled in the jumper of  Vicki 
Pepperdine.

 'World's hottest jailbird' Jeremy Meeks leaves wife heartbroken 
as he passionately kisses Chloe Green on a luxury yacht - as 
billionaire's girl says it's 'just the beginning'.

Mel B 'has just £961 left in bank account' after squandering her 
£38million Spice Girls fortune due to 'extravagant' lifestyle.

'I will be your substitute!' Lady Gaga surprises students as she 
turns teacher for fun video.

'I told him "You better come outside"': Bernie Ecclestone reveals 
how he confronted his son-in-law  as he lifts the lid on 
Britain's most toxic divorce.

A-list guestlist! Liv Tyler rings in milestone 40th birthday in 
the country with celeb pals Kate Moss and Sadie Frost.

Has Kate met her match? How the Duchess and Letizia married into 
royal dynasties before blossoming into fashion queens - but who 
does it better?.

Pippa Middleton looks radiant as she strolls through Irish 
village with her new husband after flying in from her honeymoon 
for her best friend's high society wedding .

Packing on the PDA! Arrow star Katie Cassidy showcases her figure 
in skimpy bikini as she shares a kiss with new fiance Matthew 
Rodgers.

Jodie Kidd looks effortlessly elegant in summery midi dress at 
Cartier Style event as she indulges her passion for cars by 
checking out flashy F1 motors.

Setting pulses racing! Kimberley Garner, 27, shows off her 
enviably toned midriff and peachy posterior in a skimpy black 
bikini as she parties with Formula One's Lance Stroll, 18.

No one is safe on Love Island as a shocking twist will see 
multiple islanders DUMPED from the villa... and Amber could be at 
most risk after Kem kisses Chyna.

Ivana Trump swaps flirty short dress for sweatpants during her St 
Tropez vacation as her ex Donald and daughter Ivanka come under 
fire over Mika tweets.

Newlyweds Jacqueline Jossa and Dan Osborne post sunkissed 
loved-up selfie as they honeymoon abroad.

The Brady bunch! Gisele is a model mom as she takes John, 
Benjamin and Vivian to church with husband Tom.

She's a long way from Ramsay Street! Former Neighbours star Nicky 
Whelan goes TOPLESS for steamy sex scene in Inconceivable 
starring Nicholas Cage.

Follow the leader! Nick Jonas leaves LA restaurant in trendy red 
trousers and grey top as he sweetly guides little girl outside.

Forever young! Bruce Willis enjoys day out at Disneyland with 
wife Emma Heming and four younger daughters.

The film king who cut the stars down to size: As Barry Norman 
dies age 83, how the industry legend called Arnie an ass, went to 
war with De Niro and walked out on Madonna  .

From dancing queen to the golf green! Denise Van Outen lets her 
hair down at Celtic Manor Celebrity Cup Gala Dinner... before 
wowing on course the next day.

Grabbing the bull by the horns: Kay Burley grapples with a 
bucking bronco at a charity cricket match and laughs as she is 
thrown off.

Jemma Lucy flashes her tattoos while putting on a leggy display 
with Ex On The Beach's Zaralena Jackson... as she flaunts the 
results of her recent bum lift during night out.

Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries makes an edgy statement in an 
ab-flashing cropped hoodie and heavily ripped jeans for dinner in 
West Hollywood.

Birthday kisses! Ryan Serhant smooches bikini-clad wife Emilia 
Bechrakis as he turns 33.

Ace news! Andy Murray's on for the double with wife Kim expecting 
their second child.

Don't look, Dom! Love Island beauty Jessica Shears gets VERY 
amorous as she puckers up to club-goers while flaunting her 
curves in a tangerine dress.

Lucky escape for Camilla? Love Island heartbreaker Jonny Mitchell 
'called off wedding to his fiancée just months before their big 
day'.

Diana's niece Lady Kitty Spencer, 26, is left heartbroken after 
her Italian property tycoon ex sets his sights on Liz Hurley - 
who is twice her age.

Celine Dion continues her style overhaul as she struts out of her 
Paris hotel in eye-catching Gucci floral jacquard coat 
accessorised with a £2,500 Dior bag.

'I would forget the lyrics': Paul McCartney, 75, confesses he's 
given up drinking before a performance.

Rochelle Humes shows off eye-popping cleavage in VERY revealing 
crop top as she enjoys family holiday with husband Marvin and 
their daughters.

'Screw the people who are saying we shouldn't be putting this on 
TV': Sophie Turner defends Game Of Thrones' controversial rape 
scenes.

'It was a shambles that someone could get so close': Little Mix 
are left horrified after an eager fan dodges beefed-up security 
to rip open their car door for an autograph.

Katie Price performs new single I Got U at G-A-Y club in 
carnival-inspired costume and giant feather plume hat.

Cindy Crawford's daughter Kaia Gerber covers up in a slightly 
more demure ensemble... just days after facing a backlash over 
her 'provocative' bathrobe selfie.

Pregnant Ana Beatriz Barros gets cosy with fellow Victoria's 
Secret model Alessandra Ambrosio in the sea and shares a romantic 
kiss with husband Karim El Chiaty in Greece.

Busty Amber Rose teases a look at her nipple piercings while 
flaunting her more than ample assets... as she dons a 
curve-enhancing mini dress to dance with friends in a racy 
display.

Bikini-clad Alessandra Ambrosio flaunts her pert derriere in TINY 
thong bottoms as she packs on the PDA with fiancé Jamie Mazur in 
sun-soaked Mykonos.

TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off laid back style in a sweet 
gingham top as she continues her Los Angeles adventure with a 
road trip in vintage Mustang .

Lionel Messi's MOTHER is accused of trying to upstage football 
star's bride when she arrives at their wedding wearing identical 
white dress .

I still talk to her every night - I know she hears me: Tara 
Palmer-Tomkinson's sister Santa reveals the truth about the It 
Girl's sudden death and lays bare her grief and anger .

'I hope you're proud of me': Love Island new boy Craig Lawson 
sends video message to his three kids saying why he kept TV 
adventure secret... after 'cracking on' with Camilla.

'I know he couldn't live without me': Katie Price brushes off 
'wobbly' first year of marriage to husband Kieran Hayler... as 
she insists their romance is getting 'better and better'.

Boys will be boys! Justin Bieber parties with Brooklyn Beckham in 
London.

'We are very excited!' Quentin Tarantino, 54, engaged to Israeli 
singer Daniella Pick, 33.

Chained to the Rhythm! Katy Perry stuns in a backless sequinned 
dress .

Not a Lot(t) on! Pixie leaves little to the imagination in an 
eye-wateringly high cut swimsuit... as she joins shirtless beau 
Oliver Cheshire in Ibiza.

I won't let thugs drive me from my home: Susan Boyle reveals 
years of horrific abuse at hands of youngsters who throw stones 
and burning papers at her childhood house .

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Gerard Butler rekindles on-off romance with 
bikini-clad girlfriend Morgan Brown as they cuddle on the beach 
in Mexico .

I'm a mother-of-two who should know better... but I'm hooked: 
Some might find it sleazy, but RACHEL JOHNSON says Love Island is 
the most compulsive show on TV .

Rear she comes! Demi Lovato sets pulses racing as she flaunts her 
peachy posterior in a saucy lace glittering bodysuit for sizzling 
performance in Brazil.

She's electric! Chic Geri Horner puts on a stylish display as she 
hops into her one-seated battery powered Smart car for a day out 
in the sunshine.

Busty Imogen Thomas flaunts her hourglass curves in a gold buckle 
bikini as she poses up a storm on Miami beach break .

Doubt anyone's looking at your skin tone! Makeup-free Shanina 
Shaik reveals she has freckles in raunchy selfie .

Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski swaps her usual skimpy displays 
with a demure figure-skimming jumpsuit and Parisian inspired 
baker boy hat in London.

Wild child! Bikini clad Paris Jackson smokes while a pal gives 
her a lap dance as they enjoy a crazy pool day.

Picture perfect co-parents! Tobey Maguire and ex Jennifer Meyer 
enjoy fun-filled outing with their kids.

'I'd love to get there one day': Rihanna reveals her ambitions to 
win an OSCAR after landing role in new film Valerian.

Blac Chyna's son King Cairo makes a splash at the pool... to the 
delight of his baby sister Dream Kardashian.

She's a wild one! Imogen Anthony pictured TOPLESS in nightclub 
toilet after embarrassing wardrobe malfunction... before dancing 
with a PYTHON.

Bethenny Frankel flaunts her bikini body (yet again) during 
vacation in the Bahamas.

Life's a beach! Olivia Munn continues her sun-drenched birthday 
vacation with bikini-clad dance party.

Sun's out, buns out! Hilary Duff relaxes poolside in gold 
swimsuit.

Beach bums! Chanel Iman gets cheeky as she poses in a skimpy 
bikini with pal Heidy De La Rosa.

Tangerine dream! Model Natalia Borges showcases stunning athletic 
physique in tiny bikini for beach holiday with fiance.

Metal head! Game of Thrones star Jason Momoa unleashes inner 
rocker in a Metallica shirt as he signs autographs for fans.

'Do you really call that caterpillar on your lip a mustache?' 
Aaron Rodgers joins Ben Stiller's Dodgeball challenge.

Rumer Willis flaunts her lithe frame in swimsuit as she 
celebrates six months of sobriety.

Having a royally good night! Paris Hilton celebrates Princess 
Maria-Olympia of Greece's 21st birthday.

Jay who? Kanye West grins at the cameras... after being dissed on 
his former BFF's new album 4:44.

Jessica Alba keeps cool in effortlessly chic jersey dress .

Mother approves! Yolanda Hadid bonds with her son Anwar's 
girlfriend Nicola Peltz.

Oh no, J Lo! Jennifer Lopez lays on hospital gurney as she shoots 
gory Shades of Blue scene.

Kelly Clarkson and daughter River Rose enjoy themselves at the 
Warrior Games in Chicago.

'Paris bound!' Lily Collins goes casual in jeans and a jacket as 
she jets out of Los Angeles.

Demi Lovato covers up in a white ensemble as sleepy star jets 
into Brazil.

Ashley Greene and fiance Paul Khoury hit the shops before she 
heads to pampering session with her future sister-in-law.

Mike Tindall serenades guests at charity golf event with duet 
version of Me and Mrs Jones before making VERY intimate jokes 
about Zara in the bedroom .

Pregnant Love Island 2016 winner Cara De La Hoyde flaunts her 
bump as she hints this year's contestants are fame-hungry and 
questions Amber's sincerity in coupling up with Kem.

SPOILER ALERT: Unlucky in love Ellie Young finally finds romance 
as she smooches Big Brother newcomer Sam Chaloner... but he urges 
her to keep kiss 'secret'.

No girls allowed! Scott Disick parties it up on a yacht in Miami 
with DJ pal Steve Aoki.

Kady McDermott flaunts her slender figure in a tiny lace bralet 
as fellow Love Island  star Cally Jane Beech shows off her 
post-baby body in skin-tight green dress.

'The future is female': Doctor Who fans are convinced next Time 
Lord will be a woman after hint is dropped in explosive series 
finale.

Peter Capaldi bows out in style. Well almost... Doctor Who 
descends into chaos as Steven Moffat, The Master and his Cybermen 
let the Time Lord off the hook, writes JIM SHELLEY.

Kendall Jenner flashes her abs in a cropped sweatshirt while  
Bella Hadid opts for a sophisticated look as the model gal pals 
touch down in Paris.

EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't want to be boobs hanging out every time': 
Jodie Marsh reveals her plans for breast reduction... claiming 
she 'feels sorry' for those addicted to surgery.

Louise Redknapp, 42, looks ready to rock in casual ensemble as 
she makes solo appearance at Hyde Park's star-studded British 
Summer Time festival.

Mum's the word! How Duchess of Kent helped reunite Martina 
Navratilova with her mother after being moved by the Wimbledon 
legend's plight.

No lip-syncing necessary! Britney Spears ditches the backing 
vocals to sing Happy Birthday to her bodyguard.

'I'm doing good': Zoe Ball confides in fans she's in a positive 
place after making rare public appearance following the death of 
boyfriend Billy Yates.

EXCLUSIVE: Hunky rugby player Max Evans strips down to his pants 
as he performs a racy striptease in hilarious dance-off with 
Strictly's Anton Du Beke at celebrity golf gala.

Danny Dyer 'fears he could face the axe from Eastenders'... as 
it's claimed wife will stick by him despite Sarah Harding affair 
claims.

Barbie girl! Iggy Azalea displays her generous backside in skin 
tight pink leggings as she steps out in LA.

GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Now 'superstar' Pippa Matthews has two Girl 
Fridays as she brings in her old friend as a minder at public 
events.

GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Rita Ora grabs herself a Plum gig as novelist 
Sykes' book event at nightclub Annabel's is axed to make way for 
the pop star.

GIRL ABOUT TOWN: It's the mother of all tattoos for Alice Dellal 
as she gets 'Call mum' inked onto her hand.

GIRL ABOUT TOWN: X Factor producers ask for a free cake in 
exchange for show tickets and publicity.... despite boss Simon 
Cowell being worth £300m.

But you're from Cali! Ariel Winter dons flirty playsuit as she 
celebrates Canada Day... despite being American.

Like Mel B, I'm broke - but it's the shame that hurts the most.

'Bloody hell it's amazing': Sir Paul McCartney reveals he often 
can't believe his luck in being a part of the phenomenon that was 
The Beatles.

Brian Blessed says he met his brother Alan reborn as a Canadian 
fisherman's son five years after he died .

Christina Milian puts on a cheeky display in a skimpy bikini as 
she kicks off the July 4 holiday weekend.

Sunscreen queen! Lea Michele shows off her beach bod as she soaks 
up the rays with gal pal on Hawaii getaway.

That's one way to celebrate! Lindsay Lohan hugs and kisses 
mystery new man as she marks her 31st birthday.

Happy Hailey! Baldwin pulls faces for the camera as she poses in 
lacy lingerie.

Always 'winning': Charlie Sheen rakes in more than $4 million for 
Babe Ruth's contract and first World Series ring with the Yankees 
.

Save the treasures of the Titanic! Director James Cameron 
launches top-secret £165m bid to rescue artefacts after 
shipwreck's 'owners' are declared bankrupt.

Karrueche Tran dons pink palm-print pencil dress for Essence 
Fest... after revealing how she learned to embrace her 'small 
boobs'.

'The most magical unicorn!' David Gardner shares his love for 
fiancée Liv Tyler as she turns 40.

Mad Fer It! Raging Liam Gallagher demands return of favourite 
Stone Island parka jackets stolen from hotel room during 
Glastonbury performance.

Pouty Victoria Silvstedt, 42, flaunts ample assets and toned legs 
in see-through tasselled dress  as she relaxes in St Tropez.

Bronzed Charlotte Crosby flaunts her svelte frame as she poses 
topless to fake tan... before slipping into a slinky jumpsuit for 
her book signing.

'You're a f***ing sl*t': Madison Beer's boyfriend Jack Gilinsky 
'goes on profanity-laced rant against singer' in leaked audio.

Manorexic chic: After fighting against fashion's dangerous 
obsession with waif-like female models, LIZ JONES explores the 
worrying trend of stick-men on the catwalks.

Marco Pierre White Jr. is on his best behaviour as he smooches 
girlfriend Francesca Suter while sporting mystery injured wrist.

'Happy 150th Birthday!': Ryan Reynolds, Jacob Tremblay and Shania 
Twain celebrate Canada Day on social media.

Curves ahead! Larsa Pippen puts her assets on display in 
eye-popping cheetah print bikini for beach day in Miami.

The look of love! Emma and Matt Willis put on sweet PDA as they 
step out at star-studded British Summer Time festival at Hyde 
Park.

It's in his kiss! Jennifer Lopez and her besotted beau Alex 
Rodriguez lock lips as she puts on a sizzling display in a 
jewelled gown after her NY concert.

Speaking to Boris? Lilly Becker is glued to her phone as she 
steps out in Ibiza...days after husband was declared bankrupt 
over £3m debt.

Jennifer Garner works up an early morning sweat in LA after 
returning from family vacation with estranged husband Ben Affleck.

Terminally-ill grandmother, 49, is devastated she can't tick 
Adele off her bucket list after Hello singer axes concert due to 
damaged vocal cords .

The look of love! Pink-haired Pixie Lott puts on a leggy display 
in TINY minidress as she cuddles up to fiancé Oliver Cheshire on 
sun-soaked holiday in Ibiza.

PICTURED: Entourage star Jerry Ferrara weds Breanne Racano in 
Ohio in front of co-stars Emmanuelle Chriqui and Kevin Connolly.

Millie Mackintosh looks effortlessly elegant in floral blouse as 
she cradles her pet pug...after reflecting on her 'dignified' 
divorce from Pro Green.

Easy as ABC! The Jacksons wow the crowd as they continue their 
50th Anniversary Tour in the UK.

Sold! RHOC star Meghan King Edmonds finally offloads Newport 
Beach home for $3million one year after listing it.

'My body is my temple!': Adriana Lima's NFL ex Julian Edelman 
bares all on ESPN cover.

Kate cheers Andy to victory: Animated Duchess of Cambridge 
watches as Murray battles through the pain barrier to 
straight-sets first-round win.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Lottie Moss pulls her SEXIEST moves while 
hitting the dance floor with smiling Brooklyn Beckham... as they 
confirm friendship.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Leggy Jacqueline Jossa appears exhausted as 
new husband Dan Osborne plants tender kiss on her lips after 
honeymoon with Ella.

From the big screen to the FROW! Chic Jennifer Lawrence, Kirsten 
Dunst and Natalie Portman lead Christian Dior's show for Haute 
Couture Fashion Week.

PICTURED: Stephanie Davis and Jeremy McConnell argue in the 
street before 'she assaulted him leaving him with two black eyes' 
following boozy session.

Playful Celine Dion flings her leg over a car as she continues 
string of sartorial sensations in incredible leather shirt dress 
at Dior AW17 Paris show.

The holiday's over: Chloe Green snuggles up to new love Jeremy 
Meeks as their Turkish love-in comes to an end and fans turn on 
him for leaving his wife .

Beach, please! Lindsay Lohan showcases her honed pins in 
thigh-grazing denim hotpants as she soaks up the sun in Mykonos.

She's Wimble-DONE! Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall can't contain her 
boredom as she lets out multiple yawns and keeps preoccupied on 
her phone during match.

Love Island's Jess and Mike continue to deny steamy romp rumours 
in a VERY awkward interview... as unconvinced fans call for a 
'lie detector test'.

Love Island's Camilla Thurlow is almost unrecognisable as she 
sports much darker 'do in throwback photos... after fears her new 
man Craig is not to be trusted.

Jennifer Metcalfe shows off her post-baby body in a graphic 
T-shirt and joggers as she cosies up to Greg Lake in Newcastle... 
after welcoming first child .

'It's like we've fallen in love all over again': Jacqueline Jossa 
stuns in beautiful lace dress as she cosies up to new husband Dan 
Osborne in first wedding photo.

Stephanie Davis AXED from Big Brother's Bit On The Side panel 
just hours after arrest for GBH following alleged attack on 
ex-boyfriend Jeremy McConnell.

Gemma Arterton looks elegant in a white suit at Dior Haute 
Couture Fashion Week in Paris... after being spotted kissing 
Peaky Blinders star Rory Keenan.

Yee-Hadid! Model Bella channels cowgirl vibes in a checked shirt 
as she leaves hotel in Paris ahead of Haute Couture Fashion Week 
appearance.

Kendall Jenner commands attention in vibrant jumper as she 
parades her pins in chic shorts while enjoying lunch in Paris.

Newly single Kerry Katona sparks backlash after sharing picture 
of daughter Dylan-Jorge, 3, who took a pair of scissors and cut 
her own hair.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian, 38, laughs as she walks 
hand-in-hand with model boyfriend Younes Bendjima, 24, in St 
Tropez.

Jess Wright can't hide her smile as she links arms with mystery 
hunk during family night out at British Summer Time festival.

'I've been completely speechless': Venus Williams breaks down in 
tears after winning first round of Wimbledon, as reporters ask 
her about deadly Florida crash.

'I didn't cry, I laughed': Maria Menounos, 39, says she was 
diagnosed with a brain tumor while her mum was battling stage 4 
brain cancer - and announces E! exit.

Wearing her heart on her... dress! Olivia Palermo looks chic in a 
plunging printed number at Schiaparelli Paris Haute Couture 
Fashion Week show.

Winnie Harlow flashes her designer boxers and skimpy bralet as 
she peels off her jacket at Dior AW17 Paris Haute Couture Fashion 
Week show.

Turning heads! Karlie Kloss unveils new platinum blonde locks at 
Dior's showcase for Haute Couture Fashion Week in Paris.

Bikini-clad Nicole Scherzinger shows off her fabulous figure as 
she plays in the sand and takes a dip in the sea on a 
sun-drenched holiday in Mykonos.

'Let's have a look at your knees!' Blushing Holly Willoughby 
squeals as This Morning co-host Rylan Clark-Neal tries to lift up 
her skirt live on air.

Spandau Ballet frontman Tony Hadley announces he is leaving the 
band... as his former bandmates voice 'frustration' over the 
singer's exit.

Ryan Gosling looks every inch the effortlessly cool dad in shades 
and tight t-shirt as he carries his cute daughter Esmeralda, two, 
to a playdate.

'Is there an Emmy for adverts?' KFC commercial parodying beloved 
Game of Thrones character's death goes viral in MINUTES .

It's time for Eva The Diva! America's Next Top Model winner Eva 
Marcille set to join NeNe Leakes on The Real Housewives Of 
Atlanta.

'I'm a family man': How Jeremy Meeks boasted about his role as a 
husband and father just two months before ditching her for 
Topshop heiress Chloe Green .

Brooklyn Beckham joins Lottie Moss for second night out in a row 
at London nightclub Tape... after partying into the early hours 
with Justin Bieber.

Blossoming romance: Kelly Brook puts on a busty display in a 
tight pink midi-dress as she cosies up to Jeremy Parisi at 
Hampton Court Flower Show.

Newlywed Pixie Geldof attends the first day of Wimbledon with 
Lady Mary Charteris... after tying the knot with rock star George 
Barnett in Mallorca.

Casey Batchelor serves up some sizzling poses as she flaunts her 
ample bust and pert derriere in skimpy white lingerie for racy 
tennis-themed shoot.

'He's caring, sweet and capable!' Jennifer Lopez gushes over 
'beautiful person' Alex Rodriguez.

Home at last: Petra Ecclestone's personalised Range Rover returns 
to her £100m mansion as estranged husband James Stunt stays away.

'I don't need to look any further': Denise Van Outen tells the 
Loose Women panel how she knew her boyfriend Eddie was 'the one' 
from the moment they met.

'Counting down baby': Model Shanina Shaik hints her wedding to DJ 
Ruckus could happen any day now as the couple pose for a romantic 
selfie.

His lucky charm! Mother-to-be Kim Murray looks glowing as she 
arrives to support Andy at Wimbledon (as he denies pregnancy will 
be a 'distraction').

'It's p***ing me off': Big Brother's Sam Chaloner sees red during 
heated row with Ellie Young insisting he's not replacing her 
Lotan Carter.

Blossoming in blue! Pregnant Chanelle Hayes flaunts her bump in a 
pretty dress as she tucks into afternoon tea at her baby shower.

Italian millionaire Gianluca Vacchi, 49, shows off his toned 
torso in a pair of tight white Speedos... as he chats with a 
topless brunette in Miami.

Kendall Jenner turns heads in embellished jumper as she storms 
the catwalk alongside Bella Hadid and Jourdan Dunn at 
utility-inspired Miu Miu AW17 show.

Inside Kim Kardashian's holiday barbecue: Reality star shares 
cute family portrait with Saint and North as she cooks up a storm 
for Kanye's pals.

'It was mental torture': Brave Charlotte Crosby reveals she 
'bottled up' emotions as she battled depression following 
heartbreaking ectopic pregnancy last year.

'She is my whole world, what a girl': Rod Stewart proves he is 
still smitten with stunning wife Penny Lancaster as they renew 
vows on 10th anniversary.

'Nothing like using your kids for money': Katie Price faces 
backlash from fans... as she shares a video of Junior and 
Princess 'promoting' a new drink.

Happy to leave? The Voice Australia's Boy George can't wipe the 
smile off his face as he departs Australia less than 24 hours 
after the grand finale.

'She's created uproar': Gwyneth Paltrow enrages neighbours with 
plans to demolish $5m mansion to build 'too big, too tall and 
incompatible home'.

'Three strikes and he's out': Richard Hammond's long-suffering 
wife Mindy reveals he is on his LAST CHANCE after his latest £2m 
horror crash.

Oligarch splashes $10m on his daughter's VERY lavish wedding 
including $500k worth of flowers and flying in Lady Gaga.

Pink-haired Pixie Lott shows off her pert posterior in sexy black 
swimsuit as she parties at Ocean Club Ibiza.

Blooming lovely! Sophie Wessex recycles her Ascot outfit to meet 
blind veterans on the opening day of the Hampton Court Flower 
Show.

It's Cara-barella! Icy haired Cara Delevingne goes braless in 
sheer silver top and flashes naked derriere for furturistic GQ 
shoot.

Is the VERY dull decor to blame? Ex Man-U star Phil Neville tries 
to offload his luxury 'flat in the sky' AGAIN - after slashing 
the asking price to £3.5M.

TOWIE's Kate Wright and Rio Ferdinand spotted in public for the 
first time as they enjoy al fresco lunch in London... after 
months of romance rumours.

Scary Spice's £38m blow-out: A £200k armoured car. Three 
waterfalls for her pool. A £1m island as a pressie for her ex... 
so THAT'S how Mel B lost money.

'Dad is entertaining us!' Jana Kramer and estranged husband Mike 
Caussin have fun together with daughter Jolie.

Sonia Kruger, 51, admits she would 'love to work' overseas and 
her dream job is to host the AMERICAN version of Dancing With The 
Stars.

'People don't want to work with me because my boobs are too big': 
Emily Ratajkowski speaks about the backlash against her 'too 
sexy' image .

Sizzling in the sun! Miss England finalists strip down to racy 
swimsuits and barely-there bikinis as they pose for photos for 
Beach Beauty round .

Liv Tyler's 40th birthday post gets hilariously crashed by 
crawling Kate Moss as she rings in milestone celebration with her 
children and A-list pals.

David Beckham hits back at criticism over kissing daughter Harper 
on the lips... as he insists he and Victoria are 'very 
affectionate' towards their brood.

Make-up free Bella Thorne ditches her racy outfits for quirky 
pink flamingo slippers and shocking red hair.

Little Loca actress Stevie Ryan dies aged 33 in suspected suicide 
just hours after tweeting about grief at grandfather's death.

Sir Philip's new nightmare: Beating a 16-year-old to a pulp. 
Jailbird since his teens. Cheating on his wife. We reveal truth 
about Chloe Green's new lover .

Jeremy Meeks' wife posts a sultry selfie as his followers slam 
him for leaving her after he was snapped kissing billionaire's 
daughter Chloe Green on a yacht .

Lean machine! Super ripped Julianne Hough shows off her toned abs 
in a tiny crop top after a workout... as her wedding day 
approaches.

A bit more to learn? Rachel McCord is left in shock as lifeguard 
rescues her from HUGE wave during Malibu surf session... after 
bikini-clad lesson.

A quick paint job and topless India is ready: Diana's bridesmaid 
does an unusual take on black tie at the 50th birthday of Crown 
Prince Pavlos of Greece.

The hero's 'Cunning Plan' was worthy of Baldrick and played right 
into George Warleggan's hands in Poldark, by Jim Shelley.

'She's taken him to meet her family': Amber Rose, 33, completely 
smitten with rumoured beau 21 Savage, 24, as it's revealed 'they 
are in a race to the finish'.

So much for brand loyalty! Sizzling Bella Hadid pairs sexy slip 
dress with Dior handbag as she joins leggy Kendall Jenner at Miu 
Miu AW17 show in Paris.

Demure Pixie Lott stuns in red as she joins her model beau Oliver 
Cheshire in Paris at Schiaparelli Haute Couture Fashion Week 
showcase.

Joan Smalls showcases her enviable abs in sizzling leather crop 
top at Miu Miu's AW17 Show in Paris.

'Be strong': Zoe Ball's father Johnny reveals family's support 
has helped her following the death of boyfriend Billy Yates... 
after she insists she's 'doing good' .

Tom Brady breaks his silence on Gisele's controversial concussion 
claims saying she is 'very concerned' and 'knows when I get hit' .

Zoe Saldana looks chic in tie front shirt as she grabs a bite to 
eat with husband Marco Perego and their three children.

Eternal beauty Glenn Close, 70, shows off her fabulously trim 
figure in a bright orange swimsuit as she enjoys paddle boarding 
in Barbados.

Britney Spears is mobbed by fans at the Wailing Wall in Jerusalem 
as she visits holy sites ahead of her Tel Aviv concert during 
first visit to Israel.

Sports Illustrated model Natalia Borges can barely contain her 
ample assets in tiny string bikini as she frolics on Miami beach 
with her fiance.

'Big disappointment': Adele could miss out on millions in DVD 
sales after cancelling the only two dates of her world tour which 
were to be filmed.

What a blue-ty! Milla Jovovich oozes effortless glamour as she 
flaunts her enviable frame in thigh-skimming chiffon dress for 
star-studded Miu Miu show.

Alexa Chung makes VERY leggy arrival at Miu Miu's Paris Haute 
Couture Show in dazzling sequin dress with a soaring split.

Jourdan Dunn teases a glimpse of skin in cutaway ruffled blouse 
and lace-up leather trousers as she makes striking arrival at Miu 
Miu's Paris show.

'You should have said spoiler alert!': Love Island fan Susanna 
Reid furious at Good Morning Britain's Richard Arnold for 
revealing the latest islander to be dumped.

'Everything I thought was special, wasn't to her': Love Island's 
Dom would DITCH Jess if she confirms romp with Mike... but hints 
he was  thinking about proposing.

What a spectre-cle! Kate fans claim to see the face of Casper the 
Friendly Ghost in the Duchess' KNEE.

Fashion royalty! Princess Grace of Monaco's great-grandchildren 
pose for Baby Dior - 50 years after she opened the first boutique 
in Paris.

Forget the tennis! Meet the VERY glam WAGs of Wimbledon - an 
ex-beauty queen, yummy mummies and the one with a bone to pick 
with Carole Middleton.

Potty-mouthed Adele reclaims her swearing crown at Wembley gig 
with record 44 f***s, seven s***s, an a***, a p***, a d*** and a 
b*****d.

That's a model family! Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamlin treat 
daughters Amelia and Delilah to dinner at trendy Craig's.

WAG Rebekah Vardy flaunts her enviable post baby curves in a 
skimpy multi-coloured bikini as she packs on the PDA with husband 
Jamie in Dubai.

Kate Beckinsale, 43, keeps a low profile at LAX airport in chic 
satin trousers... as it's revealed that she is dating 21-year-old 
Matt Rife.

Party on! Louis Tomlinson cuts a casual figure in sweats as he 
leaves West Hollywood's 1 OAK night club.

Filling the void! Kanye West chows down at wife Kim Kardashian's 
lunch bash after he quit Jay-Z's Tidal service amid epic feud.

'Pregnancy lips are finally here!' Serena Williams shows off her 
new plump pout... as fiance Alexis Ohanian says she'll be an 
'awesome mum'.

Pedal power! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez and hunky shirtless beau 
Alex Rodriguez take a cruise on bicycles to a yoga session.

Peace out LA! Kesha looks groovy in pink hippie attire as she 
arrives for flight at LAX.

'At least he's not Jonny!' Love Island fans fear Camilla's new 
man Craig is not to be trusted... while others think SHE is 
playing a game.

'Family fun on the boat!': Michael Phelps posts sweet snap of his 
wife and son enjoying a day out on the ocean to start the 4th of 
July festivities.

Big Brother's Ellie Young confesses to enjoying a smooch with new 
boy Sam Chaloner... as THREE more contestants are put up for 
eviction.

The Real Slim-Jamie: MIC star Jamie Laing shaves off trademark 
blonde locks... but shocked fans compare him to Eminem and Judge 
Rinder.

Dua Lipa flaunts her fantastic figure in a yellow bra... while 
Tove Lo and Anne Marie put on busty displays as they perform at 
British Summer Time.

'I dumped him when I found out he cheated!': Ex-fiancée of Love 
Island star Jonny Mitchell claims his infidelity was the reason 
behind calling things off .

'Just get some sex': Karen Huger and spouse Ray raise eyebrows 
with kiss on RHOP season finale.

'We would be forever grateful': Stephanie Davis pleads for fans 
to donate money to help four-year-old cousin with cerebral palsy 
get life-saving treatment.

Leigh-Anne Pinnock flaunts her impressively toned tum in skimpy 
orange bikini for day of partying at Ocean Beach Ibiza with Pixie 
Lott and Lydia Bright.

Simply smouldering! Busty Emily Ratajkowski shows off her 
cleavage in an array of low-cut chic dresses in Harper's Bazaar 
shoot.

Single and happy! Blac Chyna declares she's NOT back with Rob 
Kardashian... despite reports they were working to rebuild their 
relationship.

The nuptials that stopped the nation! Neighbours' golden couple 
Scott and Charlene celebrate 30 years since THAT iconic '80s 
wedding.

'I had no control over my emotions': Jack Gilinsky tries to 
explain the 'dark place' that led to him calling girlfriend 
Madison Beer a 'f***ing s**t' in leaked audio.

Whoops! Delta Goodrem suffers a fake tan fail as she arrives at 
The Voice Australia after party in a VERY revealing dress with 
thigh high split.

'Every song has to get past her ears': Jay Z's producer says 
Beyonce brought 'genius-level' musical analysis to rapper's new 
album 4:44.

Trendy Brooklyn Beckham supports pal Justin Bieber at BST Hyde 
Park gig after their wild night out... as the singer claims the 
concert is a 'bad night' .

Good genes! Jessica Simpson shares sweet video of her kids 
singing happy birthday as son Ace turns four.

Busy single mom! Jennifer Garner sports damp hair and casual 
attire as she takes her kids to church.

Holiday bliss! Jennifer Hawkins bares incredibly toned body in 
bikini and tiny shorts while holidaying on exclusive Maldives 
island.

That's a racy look! Lorde wears revealing lace see-through 
jumpsuit at a music festival in Poland.

'My two b******': Frank Lampard provokes Twitter outrage with 
controversially captioned snap of wife Christine and their cute 
pooch.

Chloe Lattanzi flaunts her EXTREMELY slender 'Barbie doll' frame 
in a crop top and denim shorts... after sparking health fears 
while at the solarium.

What would Brucie say? Tess Daly puts on an edgy display in a 
Nirvana T-shirt and denim skirt as she and husband Vernon Kay 
arrive at BST.

'An entire year with the love of my life': Meghan Trainor 
celebrates anniversary with boyfriend Daryl Sabara.

SPOILER ALERT: Madison Clark covers up family massacre as 
showdown looms on Fear The Walking Dead.

Leggy Lady Gaga rocks tiny denim shorts as she shops with 
boyfriend Christian Carino for Fourth of July party supplies.

Bad timing, Doctor Who...you saved Peter Capaldi's best till 
last: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last weekend's TV .

Fan of the classics! Caitlyn Jenner takes her vintage striped 
mini car for a spin before lunch in Malibu.

Venus, the fashion ace: Tennis star ditches the sports gear for 
outfit costing nearly £25,000 including £3,300 Balmain dress .

Keeping it casual: Kelly Rowland dons relaxed pink tracksuit and 
Ugg boots to attend The Voice's wrap party... after her 
contestant was booted from the final.

Booty-ful holiday! Coco Austin struts her stuff in form-fitting 
body-con dress as she parties with Ice T for Fourth of July 
weekend.

Hungry like a leopard! Nicole Richie wears animal print as she 
pushes a full cart of groceries ahead of Fourth of July.

Beach time! Lea Michele dons a sexy one-piece as she continues 
her tropical getaway.

Let me entertain you! Mike Tindall performs the Stayin' Alive 
dance on the golf course - the morning after serenading Zara at a 
charity event .

Red-y to sizzle! Sartorially savvy LeAnn Rimes flaunts serious 
sideboob in plunging tank top as she touches down at Los Angeles 
airport.

Montana and Alex get hot and heavy while reconciled lovers Amber 
and Kem romp on the SOFA... as three couples do the deed in the 
raciest Love Island episode yet.

'Absolutely bawling my eyes out!' Fans declare Born In Chelsea an 
emotional whirlwind as Binky and Josh welcome baby India... after 
a naked photoshoot and a VERY cheeky birthing plan.

Kourtney Kardashian, 38, displays her sensational figure and a 
saucy hint of sideboob in daring black swimsuit as she relaxes by 
the sea in St Tropez with toyboy beau Younes Bendjima, 24.

Coronation Street's Debbie Rush has QUIT the soap after playing 
Anna Windass for nine years... as producers promise an explosive 
exit.

Howzat for a transformation? Cricket legend Shane Warne, 47, 
shows off a fuller frame on family break in Spain... after joking 
about his 'big belly' on Instagram.

Actress Stephanie Davis is rushed to hospital while being 
questioned by police after being arrested for 'giving boyfriend 
Jeremy McConnell two black eyes' in drunken row .

'One comment ruins your day... it's a headf***': Musician Ed 
Sheeran has QUIT Twitter after being targeted by cruel trolls.

Retail therapy! Britney Spears shows off her dance-honed abs in a 
crop top as she hits the shops ahead of Tel Aviv concert.

Man, I feel like a woman! Jennifer Lawrence flashes Dior 'boxers' 
as she rocks tassled top at designer's 70th anniversary 
exhibition party.

Cash strapped Tori Spelling throws lavish unicorn birthday party 
for her oldest daughter... despite facing financial ruin.

Hats off to her! Megan McKenna gets into the Nashville spirit by 
exploring the city in cowboy boots and headgear... as she plans 
to carve a career in country music.

He just can't help himself! Scott Disick flirts up a storm with 
pretty girls as he drinks with friends at Miami party after 
FaceTiming Bella Thorne.

Leggy Kourtney Kardashian, 38, dons tiny denim shorts for 
relaxing stroll with toyboy boyfriend Younes Bendjima, 24, in St 
Tropez.

Pregnant Kimberly Wyatt showcases beautiful bump in chic white 
dress as she joins handsome husband Max Rogers for first day of 
Wimbledon.

SPOILER ALERT: 'I still have the hurt hanging over me': Love 
Island's Camilla struggles to get over Jonny despite Craig's best 
efforts... and does Marcel drop the L-word?.

Bella Hadid leads the glamour in a semi-sheer black gown 
revealing her toned pins and tiny waist as she and fellow stars 
celebrate 70 years of Christian Dior at Paris Fashion Week.

Dixie Chicks singer Natalie Maines files for divorce from husband 
Adrian Pasdar after 17 years of marriage.

Emily Ratajkowski bares killer abs in crop top and velvet suit as 
she steps out in London...after claiming being 'too sexy' cost 
her roles.

This is 50! Real Housewives star Marysol Patton shows off her 
incredible figure in lace up one-piece.

Rita Ora shows off her ample assets as she flashes her lacy bra 
in sheer backless negligee dress on shopping spree in Berlin.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Is this a booty call Bella? Scott Disick 
FaceTimes with Thorne... as he parties the weekend away on yet 
another yacht.

Ivanka and Jared rub shoulders with billionaire Democrat George 
Soros, Steven Spielberg and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer 
during party at a Washington Post editor's Hamptons home.

Shaved In Chelsea: Spencer Matthews copies pal Jamie Laing and 
gets a buzzcut makeover... as he reunites with girlfriend Vogue 
Williams after two weeks apart.

'Date night!' Loved up Hugh Jackman and wife Deborra-Lee Furness 
keep the spice in their marriage after revealing they never spend 
more than two weeks apart.

Family day! Jennifer Garner enjoys a summer morning out with her 
daughter Seraphina.

Poldark star Gabriella Wilde stuns in a sheer cut-out dress as 
she rubs shoulders with royalty at Christian Dior's Haute Couture 
Paris Week show.

C'est magnifique! French fashion house Dior celebrates its 70th 
anniversary with a Paris showcase of 300 of its most breathtaking 
gowns from across the decades.

'Wimbledon got me like': Pregnant Serena Williams is back on the 
court as she shares video doing 'easy' drills.

'It was like a backyard barbecue!' La La Anthony dishes about 
Beyonce's exclusive push party before birth of twins Sir and Rumi.

Making it rain! Tom Holland wears Rihanna's racy French Maid look 
to recreate Umbrella for Lip Sync Battle.

Bouncing back from the Jay Z feud? Kanye West beams while 
shooting hoops  with UCLA team... as concert rant is said to have 
triggered beef.

Leggy Petra Nemcova parades her figure in thigh-skimming lace 
dress as she arrives at the Guo Pei AW17 show for Paris Haute 
Couture Fashion Week.

Lovely in lemon! The Queen brings a splash of colour in a jaunty 
yellow hat as she kicks off Holyrood Week with the Ceremony of 
the Keys in Edinburgh.

Home at last: Petra Ecclestone's personalised Range Rover returns 
to her £100m mansion as estranged husband James Stunt stays at a 
hotel amid bitter divorce .

Ab fab! Julianne Hough shows off chiseled midriff in black crop 
top as she head to the gym.

A little light reading! Adriana Lima carries a self-help book 
about love as she touches down in Los Angeles.

Olivia Palermo and Celine Dion exude Parisian chic in blush and 
lace at Giambattista Valli Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week show.

From Paris Hilton to Paris Haute Couture Week! Princess 
Maria-Olympia of Greece jets to French capital after celebrating 
her 21st birthday with reality star.

Zendaya stuns in a white shoulderless halterneck ensemble and 
Michelle Rodriguez stands out in a low-cut bold teal trench coat 
as they attend the Ralph And Russo fashion show in Paris.

'Molly turns one!' Ali Fedotowsky proudly shares peek inside 
daughter's lavish unicorn-themed birthday party.

'You can not be serious!': Shia LaBeouf recreates John McEnroe's 
infamous on-court outburst in new trailer for Borg Vs. McEnroe.

Gorgeous in Greece! Shay Mitchell sizzles in cheeky 
cleavage-baring one-piece while holidaying on Mykonos.

The man who walked the line with Johnny Cash: Manager's lost 
letters reveal how drugs turned country great into a monster who 
trashed hotels and started fires before he found love and Jesus 
with June Carter.

Fun in the sun! 'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein's on-again, 
off-again boyfriend of more than a decade is seen smooching 
transgender model Lauren Foster on a beach in Miami.

'There are no words': Venus Williams walks out of press 
conference in tears after breaking down over car accident that 
left 78-year-old man dead.

Not pining for Bella, then? Gregg Sulkin holds hands with Justin 
Bieber's ex Sahara Ray... as his ex Thorne reignites flirtation 
with Scott Disick.

Amber Rose, 33, bonds with beau 21 Savage, 24, and son Sebastian 
on grocery run... as it's revealed smitten couple 'are in a race 
to the finish'.

'My Show Girl debut!' Madonna shares darling throwback of her 
very first childhood dance performance.

'Pool party, Brooklyn style!' Olivia Wilde's baby Daisy sits in a 
flower baby bath to escape the New York heat.

Gotham star Donal Logue says the 'net has been flung far and 
wide' in search for his 16-year-old transgender daughter who's 
been missing for seven days.

'There's been talks': Nick Carter says the Backstreet Boys are 
'open to' going on 'an epic tour' with the Spice Girls.

Girls Trip! Jada Pinkett Smith is one stylish traveller in sheer 
blouse as she touches down in Los Angeles.

French First Lady Brigitte Macron, 64, joins the fashion pack at 
the Dior Haute Couture Fashion Week Show in Paris in an oversized 
blazer and crisp white blouse.

Swimsuits for all! Curvy women flood Instagram with images of 
themselves proudly flaunting their bodies in plus-size model 
Ashley Graham's swimwear collection.

Giddy Up! Princess Mary and Prince Frederik horse around on 
holiday as they trot around the stunning surrounds of their 
summer palace.

Happy with Chloe's new boyfriend? Philip Green and his wife relax 
 in Monaco on their £115m superyacht as daughter's romantic 
holiday with 'world's hottest felon' ends.

These looks will take your breath away! At the Rodarte Couture 
show, models wore real flowers on their FINGERS and halos of 
baby's breath in their hair.

Louise Redknapp sizzles in lace bra and suspenders as she poses 
seductively in first look at her leading lady role in new 
production of Cabaret.

Steph Davis released by police with 'black eyes' after being 
quizzed over attack on ex Jeremy McConnell - as friends say she 
has FIVE broken ribs .

'His and hers': Love Island's Jess Shears shares cosy reunion 
snap with Dom Lever... after dishing on their steamy sex sessions 
and denying Mike romp.

Smouldering Celine Dion, 49, shows off her slender figure as she 
goes completely NAKED for racy Instagram snap.

Petra clears out her rubbish - and her man: Bernie Ecclestone's 
daughter is seen for first time since estranged husband James 
Stunt was evicted.

Pedal power! From Victoria Pendleton to Miley and Madonna... The 
A-list are leaping on their bikes and inspiring a wave of people.

Well it is the Emerald Isle! Pippa Middleton channels her inner 
Irish colleen in a green dress for her best friend's wedding in 
County Cork.

Perfect match! Stephen Fry, 59, is in high spirits as he makes a 
dapper appearance alongside husband Elliott Spencer, 29, at day 
two of Wimbledon.

SPOILER ALERT: Love Island's Gabby snaps as Marcel's infidelities 
are brought up again in pole dancing challenge... before FOUR 
islanders are dumped .

'I want to look like Steve Tyler!' Claudia Winkleman says kooky 
beauty regimen looks like she 'slept in a skip'... after blaming 
her image on house mirror BAN.

Braless Bella Hadid flaunts her abs in TINY crop top with punky 
tartan trousers as she nails Nineties style at Paris Haute 
Couture Fashion Week.

Pregnant Luisa Zissman shows off her baby bump in fuchsia top as 
she heads out for a milkshake with make-up free Sam Faiers.

Pretty Little Liars star Shay Mitchell goes topless as she strips 
down to tiny bikini bottoms to soak up the sun on a nudist beach 
in Mykonos.

Scarlett Moffatt confirms reunion with former flame Luke Crodden 
as they pose for a cosy snap four months after shock split.

'The look that says I'm with your woman!' Jeremy Meeks is accused 
of 'stealing' Chloe Green from Robert Cavalli... as she deletes 
social media.

Danniella Westbrook shows off the incredible results of her 
facelift surgery as she films scenes for her new TV show in 
Marbella.

Never looked Becker! Lilly flashes her toned legs in a scarlet 
dress as she enjoys a stroll in Wimbledon... across town from 
bankrupt husband Boris .

'You know you nailed the holiday when you show up wearing a 
flag!' Kate Upton sizzles in the Stars And Stripes.

Leggy Melanie Sykes, 46, looks effortlessly elegant in a ruffled 
sky blue mini-dress as she arrives for day two of Wimbledon.

Joanne Froggatt exudes elegance in an ivory shirt and billowing 
palazzo pants as she cosies up to hunky husband James Cannon at 
Wimbledon.

Lydia Bright showcases her enviably lithe physique in a VERY 
plunging black swimsuit as she dances seductively in Ibiza.

Louisa Johnson channels 70s chic in flared jeans and yellow 
tassel top as she discusses her latest single with Olly Murs on 
This Morning.

'There's an unfortunate spillage!' Holly Willoughby explodes into 
hysterical giggles as social media goes wild after a pony POOS 
live on This Morning.

Braless Cara coordinates bleached pixie crops with Kristen 
Stewart and Katy Perry at Chanel AW17 show at Paris Haute Couture 
Fashion Week.

Age-defying Julianne Moore, 56, dazzles in an elegant embellished 
minidress at Chanel's Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week showcase.

Kaya Scodelario oozes understated elegance as she attends 
Chanel's Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week AW17 showcase.

Tallia poses up a Storm in a sweet pink dress and quirky 
sunglasses outside the Grand Palais in Paris.

Frankie Essex shows off the incredible results of her two stone 
weight loss in white bikini during Los Angeles getaway.

'You've got a cracking a**e!' Big Brother's Sam admires Ellie's 
assets as they are painted for hilarious task... yet things turn 
sour when he dismisses romance .

'It freed my mind from the stress': Rio Ferdinand poses shirtless 
as he reveals keeping fit helped him cope with the death of his 
late wife.

Drove All Night, Celine? Dion climbs onto the roof of her car 
dressed in silk designer pyjamas as she helps eager fan out of a 
window in Paris .

One selfie at a time! Niall Horan is swamped by enthusiastic fans 
as he arrives in Japan... after slamming rumours of a romance 
with Katy Perry.

Watt(s) a woman! Naomi commands attention in dazzling knee-length 
midi dress alongside pin-flaunting Sam Taylor-Johnson at Gypsy 
screening.

Pregnant Cara De La Hoyde flaunts her blossoming bump in a pink 
bikini as she picks up motherhood tips from a pal and her 
daughter in Spain.

Up All Night? Weary new dad Liam Payne looks puffy-eyed as he 
steps out in London after throwing girlfriend Cheryl a 34th 
birthday garden party.

Charlotte Crosby dresses to impress in plunging playsuit as she's 
mobbed by fans during autobiography signing in Birmingham.

Getting patriotic! Ireland Baldwin models busty red and white 
bikini... to go along with her bright blue eyes.

Dancing in the street! Sarah Silverman shows off her moves as she 
waltzes with a passing man on night out.

Bieber's breakout! Justin, 23, reveals spotty skin as he walks 
shirtless through Sydney's Bondi Beach before Hillsong Conference.

'I've heard karaoke sung better than this!' Boyzlife fans slam 
Brian McFadden and Keith Duffy for 'being drunk and cutting 
short' Somerset gig.

'May your trike match your wagon!' Kelly Ripa shares the cutest 
July 4 throwback from 1974.

It's July 4! Kristen Bell and Dax Shepard prance around in stars 
and stripes onesies as the celebs share their Independence Day 
celebrations.

Jesy Nelson is dating musician Harry James as fans spot duo 
holding hands on Mykonos break... in first romance since doomed 
Chris Clark fling.

'Hot felon' Jeremy Meeks hints he is still part of violent street 
gang but claims he has quit 'to a certain extent' and doesn't 
want his children to follow him.

Charles and Camilla can't contain their laughter during a 
performance of traditional Inuit throat singing in Canada.

Royal biographer agrees love triangle between Charles, Camilla 
and Diana was a 'posh version of what happens on Jeremy Kyle' .

There she blows! Windswept Queen Letizia unveils another fashion 
forward look in billowing pink culottes on a breezy day in Madrid.

'The number of women he's slept with came as a shock!' Love 
Island star Marcel's mum admits she was surprised by son's sexual 
encounters.

'I know we need to handle our emotions better': Jeremy McConnell 
addresses 'explosive' relationship with Stephanie Davis... days 
before her arrest.

'I've always been vain': Gogglebox's Chris Steed splashes out 
£8,000 on his THIRD hair transplant to 'be gorgeous' for his 
upcoming wedding.

'Dom was like an excitable puppy in bed': Love Island's Jessica 
Shears dishes on steamy sex sessions in the villa... as she 
insists she 'friend-zoned' Mike.

Kayleigh Morris flaunts her assets in perilously plunging 
swimsuit as she smooches model boyfriend Conrad Williams on 
Jersey beach.

Lily Collins brings casual glamour to the Chanel showcase at 
Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week as she works a a sequin top and 
distressed jeans.

'Wow, we really did this': Cheeky David Beckham pokes fun at 
THOSE leather outfits as he pays tribute to Victoria on their 
18th wedding anniversary.

Kate Wright flaunts her sensational figure in a tiny bikini for 
sizzling snap... after being spotted for the first time with Rio 
Ferdinand on cosy lunch date.

Inside Princess Olympia of Greece's extravagant 21st birthday 
party, complete with a TOPLESS party-goer, and plenty of designer 
duds.

Newlywed Jacqueline Jossa poses in a sizzling pink bikini as she 
shares snaps from her Spanish honeymoon and Ibiza hen party.

Love all! Tess Daly showcases her toned pins in crochet dress as 
she and dapper husband Vernon Kay lead the celebrity turnout on 
day two of Wimbledon .

Beauty queen Ariadna Gutiérrez flaunts her sizzling figure in a 
hot pink bikini as she frolics with Italian millionaire Gianluca 
Vacchi in Miami.

Fans declare Born In Chelsea an emotional whirlwind as Binky and 
Josh welcome baby India... after a naked photoshoot and a VERY 
cheeky birthing plan.

You've been Warne'd! Retired cricketer Shane, 47, reveals he is 
on 'a few more dating apps than Tinder'... but would YOU swipe 
right?.

Casually-clad Kate Moss takes her pet pooch for a sunny stroll in 
London... after helping pal Liv Tyler celebrate her star-studded 
40th birthday.

Alicia Vikander looks summer chic in flowing floral dress as she 
makes a cosy exit from Paris date night with beau Michael 
Fassbender.

'I loved you and will forever miss you!': Drake Bell mourns  loss 
of ex-girlfriend Stevie Ryan... after actress dies in suspected 
suicide at age 33.

'I'd been in constant relationships': Caroline Flack admits man 
detox boosted her confidence... but she would NEVER have sex on 
TV.

Montana and Alex get hot and heavy while reunited lovers Amber 
and Kem romp on the SOFA... as three couples do the deed in 
raciest Love Island episode yet.

Tan Another Day! Shirtless Pierce Brosnan, 64, looks every inch 
the silver fox as he enjoys a jog on the beach in Hawaii.

Katie Holmes cuts a chic figure in cream culottes as she joins 
mini-me daughter Suri Cruise to make a stylish arrival at 
Montreal airport .

Dan Aykroyd shows off his moves as he practises Blues Brothers 
performance for A Capitol Fourth show in celebration of 
Independence Day.

Amber Turner teases a glimpse of toned tummy in a pink crop 
top... as she shares throwback bikini snap from her first TOWIE 
scene.

Janet Jackson's billionaire ex-husband is all smiles as he 
cradles their baby son on a walk with his nanny .

Louis Tomlinson's girlfriend Eleanor Calder wows in hot pink 
bikini for girls' trip to the Hamptons... as she returns to the 
spotlight after airport brawl.

'Let's do this!' Shailene Woodley sports bloody cut and huge 
bruise to her head on Adrift set.

It's a step up from Linton Travel Tavern! Alan Partridge star 
Steve Coogan's Grade II-listed 17th century mansion goes on the 
market for £3.25m .

We've seen that look before! How Kate embraces Diana's signature 
polka dot print when she needs a confidence boost on royal 
occasions.

At last! Six inch chop that means no more silly girly, 
flicky-flicky hair! SARAH VINE's FASHION VERDICT after Kate 
sports new shorter cut at Wimbledon.

'He's not dying': Patti Newton slams rumours about husband Bert's 
health and claims as magazine cover of the TV legend, 78, 'in 
tears' show him SNEEZING.

Farewell, Tyga! Kylie Jenner re-inked her lowercase 't' ankle 
tattoo to 'la' after split from rapper.

Kanye West was 'GIVEN $20m to cover tour expenses'... after 
former BFF Jay-Z escalated feud by implying he had 'loaned him' 
the money.

Frill seeker Gwyneth Paltrow displays her lean pins in chic shirt 
dress during Milan break... after she enrages neighbours with 
demolition plans.

Cristiano Ronaldo posts bizarre 'black and white chocolate' 
Instagram caption as he poses with ex-Sheffield Wednesday 
midfielder Jose Semedo.

Fighting fit! Roxanne Pallett flashes her taut midriff in a crop 
top and leggings as she leaves the gym... after 'not being well 
enough' for The Wedding Singer.

Starting him young! Louis Tomlinson bonds with son Freddie, 17 
months, as he teaches him how to play an electric guitar in sweet 
snap.

'There was no romance left': Harry Judd's wife Izzy reveals 
trying to conceive put a strain on their sex life as she admits 
to feeling 'guilty'.

Nicole Scherzinger puts on a leggy display in a tiny white mini 
skirt and ab-baring crop top as she touches down in London after 
Greek getaway.

Leggy Caroline Vreeland has a 'Marilyn moment' as she flashes her 
underwear at Dior 70th anniversary bash in Paris.

Sir Philip Green says he's 'not getting involved' in daughter 
Chloe's holiday romance with Jeremy Meeks as hot felon lands in 
LA .

Bikini-clad Danielle Armstrong flashes ample assets in sizzling 
Tenerife snap... after claiming boyfriend Daniel Spiller is 
better in bed than ex James Lock.

'2,000 coffees, countless nappies and hundreds of sleepless 
nights': Fearne Cotton posts sweet wedding snap on third 
anniversary with Jesse .

'Leave me alone': Olivia Buckland begs Jodie Marsh to make amends 
after the 38-year-old branded her a 's**t' for her Love Island 
antics.

Katie Price says she's 'sick' of trolls accusing her of 'using 
her children' as she defends making a video of Junior and 
Princess to 'promote' new drink.

Justin Bieber arrives at $359-a-head Hillsong conference after 
being spotted on a golf cart with 'rock star preacher' Carl Lentz 
during surprise trip to Australia.

Model mom! Candice Swanepoel is summer chic in tiny sundress as 
she takes baby son Anaca to the park.

China in her hand! Princess Anne explores Beijing's Forbidden 
City on the first stop of her five-day royal visit designed to 
'strengthen relations'.

Blue crush! Real Housewives Of Sydney's Krissy Marsh, 45, flaunts 
her ageless figure in a bikini on holiday in the Maldives with 
Victoria Rees.

'Your parents watch this you tramps': Big Brother viewers are 
turned off by 'disgusting' waxing conversation as ratings fall to 
a dismal 650,000.

Backpacking through Europe! Kendall Jenner stuns in cold shoulder 
gown as she carries Chanel recycling bag to dinner in Paris.

Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock flaunts her peachy posterior in 
skimpy blue bikini as she poses on a boat during sun-soaked break.

Bella Hadid leads the glamour in a semi-sheer black gown as she 
joins chic Natalie Portman and icy-haired Cara Delevingne to 
celebrate 70 years of Dior .

Winnie Harlow risks wardrobe malfunction in perilously low-cut 
strappy dress as she steps out to celebrate 70 years of Dior at 
Paris Fashion Week.

Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp kicks back in Ibiza wearing 
extravagant headwear ahead of the new season.

'I was spitting dirt!': Julie Andrews recalls THAT famous hills 
scene from Sound Of Music... but filming wasn't as glamorous as 
you may think.

Big night? Fashion 'bad boy' Jordan Barrett looks worse for wear 
as he gets VERY close with artist Alana O'Herlihy outside 
exclusive Dior party in Paris.

Former Apprentice star Nick Hewer reveals he is 'appalled' by how 
many millennials are unprepared for work (and shares his tips for 
landing your dream job).

Karlie Kloss shows off her new icy blonde locks as she stuns in 
bejewelled semi-sheer black gown at the Dior exhibition in Paris.

Gemma Arterton slips into a workwear-inspired LBD while Felicity 
Jones stuns in a Gothic tulle gown as they command attention at 
the Dior exhibition dinner in Paris.

Zendaya is the belle of the ball in stunning beaded gown with 
lengthy train as she joins glamorous Arizona Muse at lavish Paris 
Fashion Week bash.

That's awkward! Stars including Beyoncé, Kendall Jenner and Lady 
Kitty Spencer ALL go wild for Dolce & Gabbana's floral dress (so 
who wore it best?).

'It's serious': Nina Agdal 'dating' Christie Brinkley's son Jack 
Brinkley-Cook... two months after splitting from Leonardo 
DiCaprio .

From Paris with love! Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell step out 
for romantic dinner in the City of Lights.

Kourtney Kardashian, 38, displays a saucy hint of sideboob in 
daring black swimsuit as she relaxes by the sea in St Tropez with 
toyboy beau Younes Bendjima, 24.

Quick change artist! Elizabeth Olsen rocks THREE different and 
very stylish outfits in one day at Paris Fashion Week.

Getting cheeky! Jennifer Lopez, 47, flashes world-famous bottom 
in clinging bodysuit during Fourth of July Fireworks Spectacular.

Dad, where's my ride?  Kaia Gerber, 15, wears Daisy Dukes and cap 
as she hangs with pals before father Rande picks her up.

Stephanie Davis is rushed to hospital while being questioned by 
police for 'giving boyfriend Jeremy McConnell two black eyes' in 
drunken row .

Man, I feel like a woman! Jennifer Lawrence flashes Dior 'boxers' 
in sheer skirt as she rocks tassled top at designer's 70th 
anniversary exhibition.

French style! Katy Perry rocks red lip color and a pretty 
shimmery pink dress as she dines out in Paris.

'Gangsta napper': Chrissy Teigen raps baby book as daughter Luna 
dances to the beat in Instagram video.

Matchy Matchy! Kylie Jenner slips into skintight leather and 
heads to dinner with boyfriend Travis Scott at Nobu in 
corresponding  ensemble.

Sophie Turner reveals Game Of Thrones educated her about sex... 
as she confirms relationship with Joe Jonas helped her 
insecurities.

Kid at heart! Jamie Foxx, 49, goofs around with Mickey Mouse at 
Disneyland theme park in Anaheim.

Menopause has made my chest wrinkly and my waist thicker, says 
Changing Rooms star Carol Smillie .

'I'm not a psychopath': Aubrey Plaza becomes obsessed with 
Elizabeth Olsen in trailer for Ingrid Goes West.

Smoking haute! Lily Collins goes hell for leather in tight 
trousers as she steps out for dinner in Paris.

Cricket legend Shane Warne, 47, shows off a fuller frame on 
family break in Spain... after joking about his 'big belly' on 
Instagram.

Bloody reunion! Alyson Hannigan jets back to US with Buffy The 
Vampire Slayer co-star Tom Lenk after trip to Australia.

Eamonn camps it up in a Bedouin tent. No wonder Ruth's in a 
strop: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV.

Meet the parents! Lady Gaga and boyfriend Christian Carino enjoy 
summer fun with singer's folks in Malibu.

'Never want to leave': TOWIE star Georgia Kousoulou puts on a 
busty display in black bikini as she enjoys sun-soaked Mexico 
break with beau Tommy Mallet.

Bikini babe! Ireland Baldwin models busty two-piece while 
holidaying with friends in Montauk.

Simon Cowell set to shake up X Factor by featuring guest stars 
and eliminations on Saturday AND Sunday live shows... and wants 
to ban novelty acts.

'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein's on-again, off-again boyfriend of 
more than a decade is seen smooching transgender model Lauren 
Foster.

Acing it! Jessica Simpson celebrates son's 4th birthday with a 
Moana-themed blow-out bash.

Charlize Theron dons a pair of denim overalls for a day out with 
her lively kids in West Hollywood.

'We aren't just pieces of meat': Katy Perry declares her Bon 
Appétit single a feminist anthem with a video that shows her 
being COOKED by men.

Out of the Woods: Tiger tells fans he's completed an 'intensive 
program' to tackle his problem with prescription pills after his 
DUI arrest.

'Alexa Chung in a stupid Michael Kors T-shirt is crap': Vogue's 
'sacked' fashion director slams magazine for bending to big 
advertisers .

Blondes have more fun! Chrissy Teigen is to-dye-for as she 
showcases new hair color for the summer.

YouTube star Stevie Ryan, 33, hanged herself, coroner reveals, as 
her ex-boyfriend Drake Bell mourns her loss saying 'I loved you 
and will miss you'.

New addition to the family! Princess Mary welcomes puppy Grace 
into her home three months after beloved dog she received as a 
wedding gift died.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Justin Bieber goes shirtless in Bondi Beach 
after sneaking into Sydney by private jet to attend Hillsong 
Church conference.

Birthday swim! Olivia Munn celebrates turning 37 with bikini-clad 
snorkeling session in Turks and Caicos.

Daisy Ridley returns as Star Wars character Rey in animated 
Forces Of Destiny video along with droid BB-8.

Flexy Celine Dion hoists her leg over a balcony as she poses in 
shimmering silver mini dress for playful photo shoot in Paris.

Rafa Nude-al: Spanish sensation sets Wimbledon pulses racing (and 
cameras flashing) with on-court strip show .

Lights, camera, magic! Work commences on J.K. Rowling's Fantastic 
Beasts and Where to Find Them sequel in England.

Talk about burying the hatchet! Iggy Azalea reveals former enemy 
Azealia Banks will feature on her forthcoming album Digital 
Distortion.

Ready for The Wasp! Michael Douglas touches down in LA as he 
prepares to start filming Ant-Man sequel.

Shining star! Priyanka Chopra is sporty chic as she dazzles in 
shimmery track jacket and striped pants.

'I still have the hurt hanging over me': Love Island's Camilla 
struggles to get over Jonny despite Craig's best efforts... and 
does Marcel drop the L-word?.

You're the one! Grammy-winning singer Michelle Branch announces 
her engagement to Patrick Carney of the Black Keys.

CHECK her out! Selma Blair is summertime chic as she flashes skin 
in an off the shoulder gingham top with white capris.

Oooo, Barracuda! Chris Pratt's four-year-old son Jack reels in 
another big fish during bonding trip in Hawaii.

Amicable exes! Hilary Duff and ex Mike Comrie step out for 
coffee... a week after rape charges against former hockey player 
were dismissed.

'24kt gold in the bottles!' Rapper Tyga promotes sparkling wine 
containing gold flakes on social media.

She's dotty for coffee! Evergreen Janice Dickinson, 62, looks 
youthful in spotty leggings and a vest on caffeine run in LA.

She works out! Jessica Biel flexes impressive muscles for a good 
cause.

Dahling! It's SO hard being the new it-girls: The heiress on 
horseback, high-class Highlanders and Bond girl in a catsuit that 
Tatler has anointed as the next society queens .

'Sometimes I go topless!' Australian rapper Iggy Azalea flaunts 
tattoos and suggestive licence plate cover as she pumps gas in 
Los Angeles.

Home at last: Petra's personalised Range Rover returns to her 
£100m mansion as estranged husband James Stunt stays at a hotel.

Secrets of an A-list body: How to get Sally Field's well-defined 
shoulders .

Perfect match! Alicia Keys and Swizz Beatz wear coordinated 
ensembles as they leave Berlin hotel with their son Genesis.

The People Vs Justin Bieber! Dressed-down Despacito singer looks 
pensive sitting alone in front of Bondi store... after sneakily 
jetting into Sydney.

Gal Gadot dons T-shirt dress to jet out of LA with daughter Alma 
and 'Proud Dad' Yaron Versano.

Bodyguard for Beyonce and Lady Gaga pleads guilty to possessing 
2kg of explosives and detonators that were found in his 
housemate's shed.

'Blessed': Cristiano Ronaldo and his mini-me son cuddle his 
newborn twins Mateo and Eva in sweet Instagram snap as they enjoy 
first family holiday together.

Red, white and nude! Alessandra Ambrosio poses naked with 
American flag while Paris Hilton parades around in bikini as 
celebs celebrate July 4.

'It's just tomatoes and salad cream!': Nigella is mocked by fans 
on social media after sharing a new salad recipe on her blog.

EXCLUSIVE: Jeremy Meeks is confronted by his furious wife as he 
returns home for first time since kissing Chloe Green on 
Mediterranean yacht.

'BIG MISTAKE!' Lauren Goodger launches frenzied Twitter rant 
after she is 'forced to leave' restaurant 'because Mark Wright is 
on his way'.

'I'm the ugliest here': Tearful Gabby admits she feels 'inferior' 
to the other Love Island girls... but Marcel melts viewers' 
hearts with his comforting words.

Rob's revenge porn attack on Blac Chyna: Instagram DELETES his 
account as he shares explicit images of her and rants about her 
cheating with eight men.

Giving him something to smile about! Shirtless Michael Fassbender 
beams as bikini-clad girlfriend Alicia Vikander displays her 
ripped stomach in Ibiza.

Need more space? Make your house work harder by extending into 
the GARDEN .

He looks Perry different! Matthew, 47, is almost unrecognisable 
from his Friends hey-day as he makes low-key appearance at open 
air screening.

'I just don't like the geezer': Theo leaves Jonny furious by 
french kissing his love interest Tyla... as he and fellow newbie 
Jamie ruffle feathers on Love Island.

'RIP... I will miss you': Twitter mourns as Grotbags actress 
Carol Lee Scott dies, aged 74.

Rio Ferdinand parties with 'girlfriend' Kate Wright's best pal 
Michael Hassini in Essex... after introducing her to his three 
children.

Emma Willis looks lovely in a vest top and chic blue trousers as 
she steps out with husband Matt as they celebrate their nine-year 
wedding anniversary.

Rob Kardashian claims Blac Chyna had baby 'out of spite' to get 
back at Tyga for Kylie Jenner romance... and he's worried she 
might be pregnant AGAIN.

Blac Chyna taunts Rob Kardashian by flashing '$250k' diamond 
gifts he gave and posing with another man dressed in his robe 
following cheating claims .

Braless Bella Hadid flashes her cleavage in sheer dress as she 
conquers the Fendi runway with Kendall Jenner at Haute Couture 
Fashion Week in Paris.

... before displaying her statuesque frame in striking semi-sheer 
gown while cosying up to her co-stars for smouldering LOEWE shoot.

Kendall Jenner puts on a leggy display in menswear inspired suit 
while Bella Hadid rocks a chic plaid ensemble as they leave the 
Fendi show in Paris.

Emily Ratajkowski slips into nothing but a busty lace corset for 
an alluring photoshoot as she channels her inner-damsel on a 
Parisian balcony.

Myleene Klass, 39, flashes  her cleavage in plunging tangerine 
jumpsuit as she steps out with boyfriend Simon Motson at 
star-studded Warner Music party.

Soldiering on: George Shelley makes first public appearance since 
the tragic death of his younger sister as he attends the Warner 
Music GQ Summer party.

Tess Ward flaunts her legs in TINY navy mini-dress as she mixes 
with music crowd at Warner Music party... weeks after splitting 
from Harry Styles.

Braless Suki Waterhouse catches the eye as she leaves her New 
York hotel for low-key outing in casual T-shirt and leggings.

Karlie Kloss sports grungy ensembles at the Azzedine Alaia show 
during Haute Couture Paris Fashion Week... as Michelle Rodriguez 
looks on.

Jess Wright oozes elegance in fitted midi-dress as she reunites 
with demure former TOWIE co-star Lydia Bright at London charity 
party.

Nicky Hilton puts on a seriously leggy display in bejewelled 
party dress as she heads out in Paris during Haute Couture 
Fashion Week.

Pixie Lott flashes toned tummy in tiny crop top as she makes her 
way home BAREFOOT from London dinner after ditching her heels.

Lady and the scamp! Victoria Hervey and Jamie O'Hara have a wild 
day out at Chessington World of Adventures after face-painting 
session.

'Your daughter has a PHD, your son... talks out loud for a 
living': Dermot O'Leary shares rare snap of loving parents as 
they prepare to move back to Ireland.

Duncan James steps out for the first time with new boyfriend for 
event in London... hours after revealing the struggles he faced 
when he came out as gay in 2012.

Inside Blac Chyna's secret post-baby surgery: Rob Kardashian 
claims ex had $100k of work done to slim down after Dream .

Rob Kardashian could face JAIL for Blac Chyna revenge porn pics 
under California law while lawyers say his ex could get MILLIONS 
in damages.

'T.I. paid Chyna to have sex with Tiny and him': Rob Kardashian 
claims ex-girlfriend Blac had threesomes with hip hop star and 
his estranged wife.

She likes to take her clothes off! Polish star Joanna Krupa poses 
completely nude by her pool to express her love for adopted 
country USA.

Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa, 33, flaunts fab figure in 
striped bikini and cuddles up with beau Doug Spedding, 55, on 
boat.

Hot to trot Ireland Baldwin shows off peachy posterior while 
larking around on horse float in the pool.

SPOILER ALERT: 'Who the f**k is Theo?': Love Island's Kem goes on 
a rampage in EPIC meltdown as Amber enjoys a flirty date with 
hunky new male arrival.

A clothing allowance, enforced body contact and over 60 cameras: 
A Love Island insider reveals what REALLY goes on behind the 
scenes.

EXCLUSIVE: 'I wouldn't lay a finger on her': Jeremy McConnell 
claims Steph Davis is PREGNANT as he reveals she hit him in the 
face with a bed post.

'Twins?': Gaz Beadle pokes fun at Marnie Simpson's appearance 
before her surgeries as he compares her to EastEnders' Sonia on 
Twitter .

Khloe Kardashian dons bodysuit and Daisy Dukes in snaps from 
lavish July 4 party... which featured gold-dripped desserts.

Kourtney Kardashian, 38, is casually cool in metallic flares as 
she and Younes Bendjima, 24, take a helicopter to Cannes to 
continue romantic getaway.

He still has his Spidey-sense!  Tobey Maguire springs into action 
as he helps TOPLESS woman cover up with seaweed at the beach.

'Living the dream': TOWIE's Chloe Meadows flaunts her tiny waist 
and enviable figure in a two-tone bikini as she holidays in 
America.

Zara Holland shows off eye-popping cleavage and abs in tiny 
bikini on yacht... after confessing she regrets THAT Love Island 
bedroom romp.

Proud Skinnygirl! Bethenny Frankel shares a series of sexy 
throwback photos in honor of National Bikini Day.

'Boss': Bella Thorne, 19, steps out in hot lips t-shirt and 
statement purse after it's claimed she and Scott Disick, 34, 
'have an understanding'.

'We have come so far': Emma Willis shares a steamy smooch with 
husband Matt as she marks nine-year wedding anniversary with 
heartfelt tribute.

Pippa keeps her cool as temperatures rocket at Wimbledon: 
Newlywed shows off her post-honeymoon glow in a daring lace dress 
beside brother James.

Beauty and the best: Karlie Kloss' vampy lip and Kendall Jenner's 
curls top our list of the most show-stopping celebrity looks at 
Paris Couture Week.

Age-defying Susan Sarandon, 70, power dresses in statement suit 
as pal Goldie Hawn, 71, slips into flowing jumpsuit for Berlin 
Fashion Week.

Binky Felstead shares sweet snap of her 'daddy's girl' daughter 
India in Josh Patterson's baseball cap... after an emotional 
debut for her new reality show.

Pregnant Sam Faiers shows off her baby bump in nude dress as she 
is pictured for the first time since announcing she is expecting 
second child.

Emotional note reveals Tupac split from Madonna 'because she was 
WHITE' as letter penned from late rapper's cell goes under 
auction for $100,000.

Bathing beauty Lupita Nyong'o flaunts sizzling figure in a 
striped bikini by the pool.

Pink shows off slim post-baby body in white dress while out with 
family in New York...seven months after giving birth.

Tara Reid puts slender frame on display at cannabis CEO Big 
Mike's Fourth of July bash... before fireworks set neighboring 
house on fire.

Kate Beckinsale, 43, strolls through Heathrow Airport with 
daughter Lily, 18, and mum Jude... as it's revealed she's dating 
male model Matt Rife, 21.

Newly-single Amy Childs shows off her figure in plunging vest and 
leggings following workout session... as she puts relationship 
woes behind her.

This Morning cuts to an early ad break after Holly Willoughby 
breaks down in tears during a Charlie Gard phone-in hearing a 
viewer recall her son's tragic death.

Blind Date's first ever lesbian line-up: The ladies looking for 
love include a Celine Dion superfan (and a singleton who drops 
jokes about CATS).

Love Island newbie Theo Campbell risks his Team GB future by 
appearing on hit ITV show without informing British Athletics.

Rod Stewart, 72, didn't even acknowledge his first child for 18 
years as he was too busy chasing blondes... but now he is a 
doting dad to all EIGHT of his children.

SPOILER ALERT: Has Camilla Thurlow finally found her Prince 
Charming? Love Island star bonds with newcomer Jamie Jewitt over 
passion for reading.

SPOILER ALERT: 'My boobs are going to hit me in the face': Big 
Brother's Chanelle hilariously tackles gym task as she attempts 
to seduce personal trainer.

TOWIE's Kate Wright is introduced to beau Rio Ferdinand's three 
children as the pair share matching group shots of their Yeezy 
trainers.

Living the American dream! Leonardo DiCaprio is single and ready 
to mingle as he is surrounded by a bevy of  beauties at July 4 
party.

Nicky Hilton stuns in pink cape dress while Olivia Palermo slips 
into floral slip frockat Valentino's Paris Haute Couture Fashion 
Week show.

Olivia Palermo makes a statement with sequin-encrusted jacket as 
she leads the fashion pack at ethereal Elie Saab Haute Couture 
show in Paris.

There's another beauty in the family! Supermodel Linda 
Evangelista's cousin Christine stuns in white dress at Hamptons 
event.

Getting serious! Gwyneth Paltrow giggles in snap shared by Brad 
Falchuk as couple of three years becomes more public on social 
media.

'Fell asleep in the sun!' Michelle Heaton shows off painful 
sunburn and jaw-droppingly muscular physique in thong bikini as 
she enjoys tanning session in the garden.

'A potato floating in the water': Pregnant Bar Refaeli sizzles in 
a skimpy green bikini for pool day... as she likens her evolving 
figure to a spud.

Purple reign! The Queen wears a bold coat dress and hat to 
officially open a new section of canal named in her honour near 
the Kelpies in Scotland.

Celine Dion looks chic in a silky purple Oriental-inspired dress 
and elegant chignon as she steps out in Paris .

Kylie Jenner is 'refusing to discuss ex Tyga and new beau Travis 
Scott' for reality show Life Of Kylie which has been called 
'dull'.

Another hit! Jennifer Lopez thanks ex-husband Marc Anthony for 
helping her make Ni Tu Ni Yo a chart-topper as she shares sultry 
photos.

EXCLUSIVE: 'It was time to grow up' Lauren Pope reveals she's had 
her breast implants REMOVED as she feared looking 'trashy' in 
revealing outfits.

Jessica Wright flaunts her sculpted figure and shapely legs in a 
glamorous off-the-shoulder bikini as she shares flashback pic 
from Dubai break.

Bikini-clad former TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong can barely 
contain her assets on holiday in Tenerife...after hitting the 
pool in skimpy white swimwear.

Jemma Lucy puts on a VERY busty display as she puckers up for a 
smoochy selfie and holds hands with leggy Ex On The Beach star 
Zaralena Jackson.

Love Island has more complaints about SMOKING than sex: Almost 
half of the 50 grievances so far this series are about 
contestants lighting up .

'I had a smile on my face': Love Island's Amber Davies' mum says 
she's 'incredibly PROUD' of TV romps... as she admits watching 
daughter get frisky.

Kieran Hayler claims Katie Price told DJ Tom Zanetti she wanted 
to marry and have kids with him over TEXT... but she affirms she 
did not cheat 'unlike him'.

David Beckham spends some quality with daughter Harper as they 
enjoy a picnic...after facing criticism for kissing five-year old 
on the lips.

Back to reality! Toned Coleen Rooney cuts a casual figure in gym 
attire as she runs errands back... after FIFTH sun-soaked holiday 
this year.

Shady lady! Kate Moss, 43, rocks quirky shades to leave Paris 
hotel... after cosying up to toyboy boyfriend Count Nikolai, 30, 
at Vogue party.

The godfather! Charlie Hunnam attends baptism of his best 
friend's son and plays pivotal role in the ceremony.

'I get penis questions!' Jacob Anderson admits he can't escape 
being asked about his manhood after playing eunuch Grey Worm in 
Game Of Thrones.

Mr Selfridge star Jeremy Piven, 51, looks casually dapper in 
fedora and cropped trousers as he enjoys a stroll around New York.

Hot stuff! Plus-size model Ashley Graham sizzles in sultry 
campaign for her latest lingerie collection.

'We're going to have a slumber party with Katy Perry': TLC's 
Chilli reveals pop star paid $6,500 for a sleepover with 90s band.

Making a comeback! Kesha teases new single Praying... after 
dropping lawsuit against Dr. Luke and fulfilling contractual 
obligations.

'I knew I wanted Will Smith': Men In Black director Barry 
Sonnenfeld reveals he tricked Chris O'Donnell into not taking 
leading role.

EXCLUSIVE: Charlie Sheen ex Brett Rossi reveals she is engaged 
and has launched new career directing virtual reality porn while 
battling ex in court.

Hear me roar! Katherine Webb-McCarren and son bravely get up 
close and personal with tigers at the zoo.

'Frank told him he had to stop!' Loose Women's Christine Lampard 
reveals husband saved her from a terrifying STALKER who believed 
'they were married'.

Made In Chelsea's Frankie Gaff shows off her toned figure in a 
daring two-piece as she celebrates National Bikini Day in Ibiza.

Hello sailors! Christie Brinkley and daughter Alexa flaunt their 
legs in nautical chic on July 4 boat trip.

More than French kissing! Shirtless Montana can't keep his hands 
off bikini-clad beauty's ample derriere during steamy massage on 
Barcelona beach .

Rebel Wilson returns to filming following defamation trial... 
after admitting fantasising about pashing co-star Liam Hemsworth 
got her through it.

Fairly Legal star Virginia Williams gives birth to second son 
with hubby Bradford Bricken... and he has a name to admire.

'I'm still f**king awesome': Kelly Clarkson shuts down Twitter 
troll who called her fat.

Surprise! Size 22 model Tess Holliday reveals she has been 
secretly married for TWO YEARS, as she shares a snap of the 
intimate ceremony.

Still freeing the nipple! Scout Willis goes braless in sheer tank 
top while heading to party... as older sister Rumer reveals she's 
six months sober.

The many faces of Mrs Murray: Pregnant Kim wills her husband to 
victory against Dustin Brown in nail-biting Centre Court showdown 
.

Brad Pitt and Sienna Miller 'have been spending time together' as 
they are AGAIN linked... but he's soon off to Brazil to shoot a 
movie.

'My crazy arm': Kristin Cavallari says 'maybe next time I 
shouldn't lean so hard' as she slams her own Instagram photo 
where her tricep is relaxed.

Happiest exes in Hollywood: Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck 
reunite to spend July 4 with the kids.

'Summer of no regrets!': Jessica Seinfeld shares snaps from 
dreamy trip to Italy with husband Jerry as they roam quaint towns 
and sip wine.

Victoria's Secret model Elsa Hosk bares all in sultry topless 
snap as she becomes one with nature on idyllic getaway .

Racy Rita Ora delights fans as she grabs her bare breast in 
tantalising selfie leaving little to the imagination.

Shrieking Charlotte Crosby lets her hair down on Liverpool 
fairground rides after another book signing for her new 
autobiography.

He was always a Belieber! David Guetta slams the 'ridiculous 
hate' for Justin Bieber at the start of his career... as the pair 
collaborate on new track 2U.

Sports Illustrated bombshell Hailey Clauson exposes her ample 
bust as she shares TOPLESS snap... amid flurry of seriously racy 
Instagram posts.

'I thought people would shout at me in the street': Duncan James 
reveals the 'burden' of hiding his sexuality as he speaks out on 
his 'fun' gay Hollyoaks kiss .

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sarah Harding looks stony-faced as she's seen 
for the first time since claims of a 'wild, sexual affair' with 
Danny Dyer emerged.

He's Scott a way with the ladies! Flirty Disick chugs beer and 
parties into the early hours with a bevy of VERY scantily-clad 
females on his Miami hotel balcony.

Getting her revenge body! Makeup-free Amy Schumer looks toned in 
white tank as she poses with trainer... two months after split 
from beau.

Jesse Williams asks court for formal custody agreement for two 
children pending divorce from Aryn Drake-Lee.

Voluptuous Iskra Lawrence shows off her famous curves and ample 
assets in skimpy floral bikini as she celebrates Fourth of July 
in America.

'This pretty gal': Olympic medalist Tara Lipinski and new husband 
Todd Kapostasy pose with elephant on honeymoon in Thailand.

Niccolo who? Newly-single Kitty Spencer casts her cares aside as 
she parties with Lottie Moss in Paris after splitting with 
property tycoon.

Secrets of a celebrity trainer: Body guru who trains Downton 
Abbey star Lily James reveals his top moves, how to stay 
motivated, and his go-to cheat meal.

How Self Portrait became THE label to be seen in: British brand 
loved by A-listers goes stratospheric after getting the Middleton 
sisters' seal of approval.

'Homewrecking s**t!' Furious Love Island fans bombard Tyla with 
death threats after 'secret millionaire' Jonny ditches series 
favourite Camilla for her.

Do you know your Dusting from your Grafting? MailOnline hit the 
streets of London to question people on their Love Island 
vocabulary.

EOTB's Chloe Goodman flaunts her perky posterior and toned pins 
in skimpy swimsuit as she soaks up the sun alongside sister 
Lauryn in LA.

'There may be something to rekindle': Love Island's Chloe 
Crowhurst hints she is keen to get back together with Jon Clark 
following steamy kiss.

Plaid'll do! Bella Hadid displays her ample cleavage and toned 
abs in eye-catching kooky coords in Paris.

Megan McKenna accentuates her taut stomach and perky posterior in 
skimpy country ensemble as she celebrates 4th July in Nashville.

So sweet: Patrick Schwarzenegger and Abby Champion enjoy 
strawberries and iced coffee as they leave July 4th party .

Four rabbits, two alpacas and a pygmy goat: Petra plans huge 
children's birthday party days after husband James Stunt was 
evicted .

Making a comeback! Kesha teases potential new album... after 
dropping lawsuit against producer Dr Luke and fulfilling 
contractual obligations.

WATCH: Andy Serkis undergoes dramatic transformation from man to 
ape... as War for the Planet of the Apes makers unveil power of 
CGI with chilling teaser.

'The path to equality is rarely easy': Daniel Dae Kim breaks 
silence after leaving Hawaii Five-0 over pay gap.

Split! Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. actress Chloe Bennet and The 
Walking Dead alum Austin Nichols break up after almost four years.

'Oh my god, someone pinch me!' CBB's Cami Li announces she is 
engaged after boyfriend of two years Brent pops the question on 
Independence Day.

Did Pippa actually get to see any tennis? Labour heavyweight Tom 
Watson sits in front of Middletons in royal box - alongside 
Britain's great and good.

Out of this world! Bella Hadid looks unrecognisable as she goes 
space-age chic in sheer corset dress and blonde hair at Maison 
Margiela show in Paris.

Ed Sheeran and girlfriend Cherry celebrate July 4 in matching 
England rugby shirts as he is seen for first time since quitting 
Twitter over trolls.

Turning back the clock! Princess Michael of Kent, 72, looks 
remarkably youthful in a powder blue dress as she visits an art 
exhibition in London.

Is this watch really worth £8,000? Martina Navratilova flogs 
'unique' timepieces that contain a piece of string from her 
winning racket.

Animal tragic! Now Holly is left cowering as a BIRD flies towards 
her face on This Morning (just a day after a pony POOED on the 
studio floor) .

'Djokovic has issues with his wife': John McEnroe compares tennis 
ace Novak Djokovic to love cheat golfer Tiger Woods amid losing 
streak.

Long before she went blonde! Real Housewives Of Atlanta star Kim 
Zolciak has dark brown locks in school photo from age six.

Skirt-ing around town! Cara Delevingne showcases her svelte frame 
and leans pins in daring tartan kilt as she steps out in Paris.

They look like sisters! Reese Witherspoon, 41, appears youthful 
next to daughter Ava Phillippe, 17, in beach selfie.

Love Island's Dom Lever comes face to face with Mike Thalassitis 
for the first time in awkward exchange... amid Jess Shears romp 
rumours .

Smiles and stripes! Queen Letizia of Spain beams in a statement 
pencil skirt as she joins King Felipe VI to welcome guests to 
Zarzuela Palace.

'It's like a nightmare': Rick Parfitt's widow Lyndsay says Status 
Quo rocker's death has left a 'huge hole' in her life... as she 
blames 'medical negligence' .

'The love of my life hanged herself': Samuel Johnson reveals a 
former girlfriend's tragic suicide was harder to deal with than 
his mother's death.

Hollywood star Sigourney Weaver set to reprise her surprise cameo 
in ITV series Doc Martin as she's spotted filming in sleepy 
Cornish village .

Bloomin' beautiful! Pregnant Ferne McCann showcases her 
blossoming bump in tube dress... as BFF Sam Faiers announces 
she's expecting again.

Bond beauty Olga Kurylenko exhibits her bodacious bottom and 
sensational curves in a skimpy red bikini as she soaks up the sun 
in St Tropez.

Have your CaKe and flaunt it too! BFFs Cara Delevingne and 
Kendall Jenner put on leggy displays in tiny party dresses as 
they reunite for VOGUE bash in Paris.

Doutzen Kroes showcases her incredible legs in embellished 
cocktail dress as she attends Vogue bash for Haute Couture 
Fashion Week.

It's flash-ion week! Braless Bella Hadid leaves NOTHING to the 
imagination in a sheer dress before wowing in plunging gown on 
Paris runway.

'Just chilling with the knockers out': Love Island's Olivia 
Buckland sets pulses racing as she goes topless in saucy snap.

Happy families? Jeremy Meeks posts picture of him playing doting 
dad with his sons as his jilted wife, 38, celebrates July 4th 
with her sister .

Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly 'has lost half her income' 
since she punched a woman on a night out as she is ordered to pay 
off £3,000 costs.

'Happy birthday to my favourite d**k head!' Real Housewives Of 
Sydney's Lisa Oldfield shares a VERY cheeky message to 
five-year-old son Bert.

Daddy issues? Brandi Glanville will bring her father onto 
upcoming series Marriage Boot Camp - Family Edition.

'Life is short, live it!': Bachelorette vet Trista Sutter rides 
horses with her family on adventurous vacation... weeks after 
terrifying seizure.

Bottoms up! Former Neighbours star Caitlin Stasey BARES her 
derriere to show off her tan lines and heart tattoo.

Sixties screen star Gina Lollobrigida defies her years in a 
glittering ball gown as she celebrates 90th birthday with a 
lavish party held by the city of Rome.

'You're intimidated by the abs!' Susanna Reid furiously defends 
her favourite show Love Island after GMB's Piers Morgan slams 
'cretinous' islanders.

Montana and Marcel are forced to dump Craig and Danielle in 
another shock Love Island elimination... while newbies Nathan and 
Chyna are voted out.

Taylor Swift skips annual Fourth of July party as her parents 
take over Rhode Island beach house a year after pop star hosted 
with Tom Hiddleston .

'Sun's out, tum's out!': Ashley James flaunts her sensational 
hourglass curves in series of sizzling bikini snaps.

'We all live with fantasies and dark thoughts': Naomi Watts lifts 
the lid on thrilling new Gypsy role... as actress shuts down 
possibility of directing.

Nice to see he dressed up for church! Justin Bieber wears a VERY 
casual (but expensive) $1130 hoodie and ripped jeans at the 
Hillsong Conference in Sydney.

Scent-sational! Inseparable couple Kristen Stewart and Stella 
Maxwell both put their long legs on show for a Chanel perfume 
launch in Paris.

Couch potatoes no more: Gogglebox's overweight Tapper family shed 
several stone between them after daughter Amy was fat-shamed.

Getting to know the neighbourhood? Rebel Wilson goes for stroll 
in New York after 'purchasing $3.85 million paparazzi proof 
apartment'.

Jude Law, Nigella Lawson, Jemima Goldsmith and Damian Lewis 
attend Chelsea party to celebrate 80th birthday of playwright Sir 
Tom Stoppard.

Prunella Scales attends Sir Tom Stoppard's birthday with husband 
Timothy West... as she makes rare public appearance amid dementia 
battle.

Michael Gambon and the tale of two families: Married Harry Potter 
star, 76, and his mistress Philippa Hart, 51, enjoy rare outing 
with their son.

Jude Law lovingly gazes at his leggy girlfriend Phillipa Coan at 
Sir Tom Stoppard's 80th birthday... before 'bumping into ex 
Sienna Miller at the bash'.

Priyanka Chopra flashes her slender legs in thigh-skimming dress 
as she perfects the sports luxe trend at star-studded Giorgio 
Armarni runway show.

He's trouble! Jordan Barrett laughs while being kicked off a 
funfair ride in Paris... as model 'bad boy' is pictured AGAIN 
with racy artist Alana O'Herlihy.

TOWIE's Georgia Kousoulou displays her honed curves in an array 
of sizzling swimwear as she soaks up the sun during Mexico break.

She can't stop smiling! Beaming newlywed Victoria Swarovski 
attends a fashion show in Berlin after her VERY lavish Italian 
nuptials  .

Louis Tomlinson pays homage to the US in national colours ahead 
of July 4 BBQ... while girlfriend Eleanor Calder has her 
celebrations in the Hamptons.

'My music is so precious': Legendary French DJ Bob Sinclar pleads 
with thieves to return laptop containing all of his tunes after 
theft at his Ibiza home.

Ready for her closeup! Monica Bellucci, 52, flaunts her hourglass 
curves in plunging black dress for TV appearance in Madrid.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Ferne McCann flaunts her blossoming 
baby bump in a gold sequinned bikini as she soaks up the sunshine 
at the beach in Majorca.

New dad Cristiano Ronaldo's girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez sports 
tight-fitting jumpsuit as the couple step out in Ibiza... amid 
claims she is pregnant.

Cheryl shares first selfie of herself with boyfriend Liam Payne 
since welcoming baby son Bear as the couple spend some quality 
time together.

Kourtney Kardashian, 38, wears tiny swimsuit as she gets hosed 
down by boytoy Younes Bendjima, 24, while enjoying kid-free break 
in St Tropez .

'Oh my word... where have you gone?' Dawn French stuns fans as 
she shows off her dramatically slimmer frame after losing 
seven-and-a half stone.

Wardrobe Confidential: Actress, comedienne and mum of three Sally 
Phillips talks about her wardrobe staples.

Blac Chyna steps out alongside hairstylist pal as he posts video 
of himself in her bed after Rob Kardashian's social media rant.

Jess Shears puts her curves on display in a suede dress and denim 
jacket as she goes hand-in-hand with Love Island boyfriend Dom 
Shears.

Hunky Brad Pitt sips on iced coffee in form-fitting T-shirt while 
out for lunch with friends in LA.

Kate Wright shows off her bronzed physique in busty new social 
media post... as her romance with ex-footballer Rio Ferdinand is 
pushed to the next level.

'No regrets': Montana and Alex become the THIRD couple to have 
sex in the Love Island villa... before 'cocky' new boy Theo 
threatens to steal her away.

'It was like a Bond movie': Camilla Thurlow swoons over shirtless 
Jamie after  challenge performance... as the pair enjoy another 
date on Love Island.

Holding Back The Years! Simply Red's Mick Hucknall, 57, looks 
wrinkle-free as he parties at the 28th birthday of Bill Wyman's 
restaurant.

PICTURED: Scratched and bruised Stephanie Davis displays her 
injuries after blazing brawl with ex Jeremy McConnell... as he 
reveals her pregnancy.

Bring your son to work day! Simon Cowell arrives at The X Factor 
auditions with Eric and partner Lauren Silverman... as the judge 
returns after falling ill.

Lauren Goodger 'was asked to leave Essex eatery Sheesh because 
she didn't have a reservation and stole chairs to try and sit 
with friends'.

Welcome to the Drive-Roo: Cheeky McDonalds workers snap selfie of 
hungry Wayne Rooney and son Kai... but star doesn't look 
impressed.

Ariana Grande pays tribute to Manchester bombing victim Saffie 
Roussos with birthday message.

'I would do anyone if I wasn't married': Katie Price reveals she 
would have sex with Gareth Gates again after she took his 
virginity when he was 17 years old .

Suddenly shy? A chic Kate Beckinsale rocks chic patterned blue 
jumpsuit as she covers her face while leaving Sexy Fish in London.

No shame in her game! Amy Schumer shares silly swimsuit snap with 
her legs wide open in honor of National Bikini Day.

Now topless Blac Chyna poses in bed with one of the men Rob 
Kardashian accused her of cheating with... as she considers legal 
action over 'revenge porn'.

Kylie Jenner shares sexy selfies in busty outfit after brother 
Rob Kardashian drags her into ugly war with Blac Chyna.

Diamonds are a (topless) girl's best friend! Bella Hadid shows 
plenty of skin to model Bulgari bling in risque shoot for V 
Magazine.

'You feel like you're living in a fishbowl': Game Of Thrones star 
Sophie Turner on the downside of life with Joe Jonas... as she 
stuns in Marie Claire cover shoot.

Tamara Ecclestone's daughter Sophia pulls faces as socialite puts 
on a united front with husband Jay Rutland... amid sister Petra's 
bitter divorce battle.

'Kids are still watching': Coronation Street viewers criticise 
the soap after seeing drug dealer Rich snort cocaine before the 
watershed.

'He reminded me of a teacher of a third-rate public school': Ross 
Kemp accuses former EastEnders boss Sean O'Connor of verbally 
ABUSING the cast .

LIE in the fast lane! Love Island's Jonny's FAKE millionaire 
lifestyle exposed as it's claimed he 'drives dad's car, wears 
knock-off watches and rents pad'.

SPOILER ALERT: Theo squares up to Jonny after saying he'll steal 
Tyla... while Gabby and Marcel hit a snag and Chris says he LOVES 
Olivia on Love Island .

Avert your eyes, Dom! Love Island's Jess Shears threatens to 
spill out of VERY low-cut dress as she joins Mike Thalassitis at 
private do... after denying romp.

Kardashians ignore 'revenge porn nude pics' of Blac Chyna posted 
by Rob but continue hawking goods on social media as show 
producer hides away in Spain.

Did Kim cause Jay-Z and Kanye's feud? West 'frustrated Kardashian 
has no friendship with Beyoncé'... as rapper's furious stage rant 
is blamed for fall-out.

Lacy James! Lily displays her svelte figure in an intricate 
semi-sheer dress with a daring split flashing her lithe pins as 
she arrives at event in Milan.

Nicole Scherzinger strikes a series of sassy poses in sizzling 
figure-hugging tangerine dress as she makes stylish arrival at X 
Factor auditions.

Lucy Mecklenburgh flaunts her tanned legs in a denim playsuit 
while TOWIE's Chloe Lewis takes the plunge in a polka dot 
jumpsuit at art exhibition private view.

Ellie Goulding swaps white sands for the red carpet as she joins 
Demi Lovato at German music festival... after being snapped with 
her new boyfriend.

Emily Ratajkowski turns up the heat as she shares shots of 
herself posing seductively in a cleavage-baring lace corset 
during trip to Paris.

EXCLUSIVE: 'We were just having a good time': Stunning blonde, 
18, seen partying with an injured Nick Kyrgios until 3am insists 
the pair are 'just old friends'.

Busty Lauren Goodger is in high spirits as she makes glam arrival 
at Essex eatery Sheesh... before being kicked out because of 
'pathetic' ex Mark Wright.

Kimberley Garner proudly parades her super-toned abs in a daring 
red crop-top as she visits art event in London on sweltering 
summer night.

Chris Packham reveals he and Michaela Strachan have been warned 
about being smutty on Springwatch... after using puns about 'tits 
and shags'.

'This one hurts MOST': Emotional Lena Dunham hits back at animal 
shelter that accused her of lying about 'abused' dog Lamby.

EXCLUSIVE: 'She's grounded!' Furious father says he wants to 
'knock out' Wimbledon 'bad boy' Nick Kyrgios for partying with 
his stunning 18-year-old .

'You're so teeny!' Fans beg Holly Willoughby to spill her weight 
loss secrets as she once again flaunts her slender figure in VERY 
tight trousers.

'Our first smooch 8 years ago!': Miley Cyrus posts romantic 
throwback image with Liam Hemsworth on International Kissing Day.

'I p*ss people off on purpose': Amber Rose addresses THAT 
controversial bottomless snap... and discusses new boyfriend 21 
Savage.

What money troubles? Kylie Jenner's ex Tyga drops $188,000 on new 
jewel-encrusted chain before boarding private jet with son King 
Cairo.

SPOILER ALERT: 'I feel like I've lost the plot': Love Island's 
Gabby breaks down after finding secret photo of Marcel getting 
tactile with another girl .

Beach babe! Neighbours star Olympia Valance flaunts her 
incredible curves in sexy bikini while partying in Mykonos with 
friends.

Tropic like it's hot! Joan Smalls flaunts her cleavage and toned 
pins in sizzling vibrant mis-matched bikini as she holidays in 
the Maldives .

'The sun makes me happy': Busty Rhian Sugden shows off her 
eye-popping cleavage in skimpy swimwear as she enjoys idyllic 
holiday in Barbados .

Blondes DO have more fun! Ashley Greene is all smiles as she 
shows off lighter locks while she and fiance Paul Khoury catch 
flight out of LA.

Still a 10 at 59! Sharon Stone shows off her incredibly fit body 
in a tiny periwinkle bikini as she celebrates making FIVE movies 
this year.

Reading between the lines! Bella Thorne Snapchats flowers from an 
'anonymous' suitor... who appears to be Scott Disick.

Blooming lovely! Myleene Klass embraces summer in seasonal floral 
print dress as she prepares for her daily radio show.

Love Island's Chloe Crowhurst risks a wardrobe malfunction as 
ample assets threaten to spill out of perilously low-cut playsuit 
in Manchester.

What a Shocker! Fans confuse Tom Hardy with doppelganger Logan 
Marshall-Green as he plays super villain in Spider-Man: 
Homecoming.

Pamela Anderson displays her cleavage in gingham dress as she 
visits Julian Assange... in first sighting since her St Tropez 
rendezvous with footballer Adil Rami.

X Factor star Chloe Paige displays  her slim frame in bralet and 
wide-legged trousers as she attends restaurant Sticky Fingers' 
28th birthday party.

Taking Paris by Storm! Singer Tallia sheds her jacket to reveal a 
VERY skimpy bralet as she poses outside the French capital's 
Louvre Museum.

Brandi Glanville says Joanna Krupa should just deal with 'smelly 
p***y' comment rather than sue her over it as lawsuit drags on.

She means business! TOWIE's Lauren Pope stuns in scarlet 
powersuit... as she debuts more natural look following breast 
implant removal.

Happy to be home! Make-up free Kirsten Dunst dons floral top and 
flared jeans as she smiles upon arrival at LAX.

David Beckham sports a laid-back look in a shirt and jeans as he 
enjoys brunch with his best friend Dave Gardner and PR manager 
Simon Oliveira.

Doting new dad Cristiano Ronaldo lands in Ibiza with newborn 
twins Mateo and Eva as he joins his family for their first 
holiday together.

SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Ben Fogle's crazy eye cure? His 
sister-in-law's BREAST milk! Adventurer explains odd treatment.

SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Lewinsky joins Clarkson and his blonde for 
Lady Goldsmith's annual bash... but there is a change of venue.

Gore blimey! Titus is not for faint-hearts: QUENTIN LETTS says 
don't have supper before you see this version of the Bard's 
bloodiest play .

'He copped off with someone else?' Naked Attraction host Anna 
Richardson is stunned after contestant reveals he prepared for 
his date by partying until 6am.

'Andrew Garfield is the Rachel Dolezal of gay men': Spider-man 
actor sparks outrage for saying he is a 'gay man without 
performing the physical act'.

EXCLUSIVE: Foos Fight! Ex- drummer calls Dave Grohl a 'bully' who 
re-recorded most of his work on their 1997 album 'so they didn't 
have to pay him'.

Golden girl! Heidi Klum, 44, looks youthful in low-cut silk dress 
with severe slit  to promote Project Runway... after reuniting 
with Vito.

Where's the rodeo? Ariel Winter looks racy in her country-themed 
outfit complete with Daisy Duke shorts, crop top and cowboy boots.

Stephanie Davis flaunts her figure in a thong bikini in 
previously unseen pictures... as ex Jeremy McConnell claims she's 
pregnant again.

Matt Bellamy's model girlfriend Elle Evans flaunts her figure in 
a blue floral bikini as she holidays with the Muse frontman and 
his son Bingham.

'I'm finally comfortable with my body': Former Victoria's Secret 
model Sarah Stephens, 27, says she's learned to be confident in 
her own skin.

Selena Gomez posts moody image tagged Fetish suggesting she's 
about to drop a new single... and her beau The Weeknd 'likes' it.

'It's harder than people think': Aubrey Plaza reveals her 
signature deadpan comedy is tricky to master while posing for 
smoldering new shoot .

'They're ashamed': Kardashian family FURIOUS at Rob's revenge 
porn posts of 'cheating' Blac Chyna as they fear long-term damage 
to Dream'.

'We should Photoshop me over his yearbook photo next': Ryan 
Reynolds helps heartbroken fan get revenge on her ex when they 
split after prom.

Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin finally sell NYC penthouse for 
$10.7m after slashing price (but still end up with an impressive 
profit).

Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick begin building New 
York mega-mansion after buying two neighboring properties for 
$34.5m .

'Yes, we are a couple!' Marc Anthony's MUCH younger flame, 
Italian model Raffaella Modugno, confirms new romance.

Lizzie Cundy, 47, flaunts her taut stomach and ample cleavage in 
bondage-inspired bikini during sun-filled breakaway to the 
Maldives.

Hawaiian kisses! Olivia Munn's ex Joel Kinnaman smooches his sexy 
tattoo artist wife Cleo as they show off their toned bodies on 
the beach.

Love Island's Jess Shears and Dom Lever head back to their hotel 
following romantic date night... after beauty denies romp with 
hunky Mike Thalassitis.

Not long to go! Bride-to-be Shanina Shaik flaunts exotic beauty 
in flawless selfie after hinting her wedding to DJ Ruckus could 
happen any day now.

Rebel Rebel! Actress Wilson and body double get ready to film on 
the set of Isn't It Romantic in New York City.

Hard at work! Katie Holmes looks chic in pink wrap and jeans as 
she gets into character while shooting new film The Gift in 
Montreal.

'I've had male co-stars take a pay cut': Emma Stone reveals 
'selfless' act from some castmates to ensure wage equality.

Kelly Brook dazzles in a low cut tight dress as Twitter goes wild 
for her VERY busty display during bikini segment on This Morning.

Paul Walker's daughter Meadow, 18, returns to Instagram after 
almost year long hiatus .

Padma Lakshmi and daughter Krishna wear matching hot pink shirts 
and denim while out in New York City.

Macklemore surprises grandmother with stripper and shopping spree 
as she celebrates 100th birthday in rapper's sweet new music 
video.

Billie Lourd 'splits' from beau of eight months Taylor Lautner 
who was by her side when her mom Carrie Fisher and grandmother 
Debbie Reynolds died.

Steven Yeun reveals The Walking Dead character 'never felt like 
he got his fair due' as he talks career after Glenn.

SPOILER ALERT! Fear The Walking Dead viewers in for a shock as 
Jake Otto is confronted by a familiar face while a showdown looms 
in epic finale.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Girls' Jemima Kirke packs on PDA with singer 
Alex Cameron in New York following split from husband.

Back in the saddle: Gerard Butler commands attention as he 
casually cycles around the sunny streets of Berlin and delights 
onlookers.

'Happy one-year, baby': Ciara celebrates first wedding 
anniversary with Russell Wilson by hiring airplane featuring cute 
banner message.

SPOILER ALERT: Ellie Young enjoys steamy kiss with Big Brother 
newbie Sam AGAIN before 'Hurricane' Sue Evans accuses the hunk of 
having a showmance.

Make-up free Vanessa Hudgens flashes taut tummy in sports bra and 
leggings after sweaty gym session.

Posing up a Storm! Tallia puts on a chic display in plunging 
backless black dress and killer heels as she visits the Eiffel 
Tower in Paris.

Celine Dion makes a bold sartorial statement in a billowing 
checked shirt with an oversized bow as she steps out in Paris .

Puppy love! Nina Dobrev teaches her new dog old tricks at an LA 
park as she showcases her stunning figure in athletic gear.

Rad in plaid! Gwen Stefani rocks casual look in oversized 
button-up shirt and ripped jeans while running errands in Los 
Angeles.

'My nerd': Smitten Perrie Edwards can't help but melt over 
boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain with a series of hilarious 
geeky snaps.

'Go away!' Queen tells off a VERY naughty Shetland pony after he 
tries to take a bite out of her posy during a visit to Stirling 
Castle.

Could this be Philip's LAST Duke of Edinburgh presentation? Royal 
hosts 'poignant' youth achievement awards in Scotland ahead of 
his retirement.

Coronation Street's new cast member Melissa Johns films her first 
scenes as she becomes the second disabled actress to join the 
soap.

'They just couldn't care less!' A frustrated Phillip Schofield 
almost swears on This Morning as his GOAT yoga class with Holly 
Willoughby goes hilariously wrong.

TOWIE's Courtney Green teases her ample assets and perky behind 
in revealing bikini... as she drags out birthday celebrations 
with lavish Stateside holiday.

EXCLUSIVE: Venus Williams gets emergency court order AGAINST 
family who accuse her of causing death of 78-year-old man in car 
crash.

Prince Ernst August of Hanover marries Russian designer Ekaterina 
Malysheva in a VERY low-key city hall wedding (but there will be 
a big castle bash too).

'Older women don't just disappear - they are relevant': Christie 
Brinkley says ladies over 60 need to be 'represented' as she 
talks aging.

Days Of Our Lives star Alison Sweeney granted restraining order 
against Oklahoma fan who has 'harassed' her for years and claimed 
they had 'affair'.

'All in this together!': Will & Grace stars 'strip off' to sip 
bubbly in a bubble bath in latest promo for the sitcom's revival.

 Stan Lee's wife Joan dies at 93 after 69 years of marriage to 
Marvel Comics legend.

Ellie Goulding flaunts her incredible figure in a tiny pink 
bikini as she packs on the PDA with boyfriend Caspar Jopling on 
romantic Italian getaway.

'I have some grey hairs now!' Lorde discusses the 'pressure' to 
release another hit album... and reveals she DOESN'T Google 
herself.

Love Island newbie Jamie Jewitt's older brother is serving ten 
years in prison for £5m cocaine bust.

Everything al-Wright? Mark looks stony-faced as he runs errands 
in Essex... after former fiancée Lauren Goodger claims he had her 
'kicked out' of Sheesh.

She's (definitely) The One! Robbie Williams and Ayda Field pack 
on the PDA as they share passionate smooch at clothing launch in 
Germany.

Catherine Zeta-Jones and Michael Douglas give rare glimpse into 
family life as they enjoy lavish dinner with their teenagers 
Dylan and Carys.

'Nothing like a mother's pampering': Michael Bublé's  wife 
Luisana Lopilato shares sweet snap of son Noah, three, as he 
recovers from cancer.

'I've had the s****est year of my life': George Shelley breaks 
his silence since the tragic death of his younger sister as he 
gushes about 'supportive' beau.

Living the dream: Crystal heiress Victoria Swarovski continues 
her endless summer at Berlin Fashion Week after honeymooning in 
St Tropez.

Now it's Carole's turn! Middleton matriarch unveils a new hairdo 
as she FINALLY takes her seat in the Royal Box - after her 
children beat her to it this week .

Prince Charles opens up about the 'pride and concern' he felt 
when his son Harry served with the Army Air Corps as he 
celebrates the unit's 60th anniversary.

Tangerine Queen! Monarch wears a vibrant orange ensemble to open 
a Highland Spring factory in Scotland during Holyrood Week.

'I'm getting married to my best friend': John Cena gushes about 
engagement to WWE star fiancée Nikki Bella ahead of his 
Australian speaking tour.

RHOC star Kelly Dodd gets into cussing match with guy she claims 
tried to steal her drinks at July 4 party.

'It's not a great combination': Jillian Michaels blames Biggest 
Loser co-star Bob Harper's heart attack on his Paleo diet and 
'poor genetics'.

We're engaged! Patton Oswalt's new fiancee Meredith Salenger 
flashes ring and cuddles his daughter 15 months after 
heartbreaking death of wife Michelle .

'Suck my left t**': The Walking Dead's Christian Serratos claps 
back at backlash over breastfeeding picture with a new photo.

Karlie Kloss flashes her leather bra under a sheer polka-dot 
blouse as she turns heads in racy ensemble during Haute Couture 
Fashion Week in Paris.

Dancing queens! Pop princesses Charli XCX and Dua Lipa get their 
groove on as they party up a storm at Warner Music summer bash.

Alessandra Ambrosio flaunts toned midriff and peachy posterior in 
skimpy swimwear as she makes a splash in Greece with fiance Jamie 
Mazur.

Faizon Love avoids jail after admitting assault of airport valet 
during argument over bill...as long as he stays out of trouble 
for two years.

The happiest dad on earth! This Is Us star Justin Hartley treats 
daughter Isabella to Disney World trip to celebrate her 13th 
birthday.

'I am a gay man without the physical act': Emma Stone's ex Andrew 
Garfield admits he's open to the possibility of a same-sex 
relationship .

Love Island's Tyla Carr oozes sex appeal as she smoulders in racy 
swimwear... after receiving death threats over Jonny Mitchell 
romance.

SPOILER ALERT: 'It wouldn't work in real life!': Love Island's 
Olivia appears to END romance with tearful Chris... after two 
hunky men enter the villa .

Penelope Cruz's sister Monica, 40, displays her taut stomach and 
perky posterior in sizzling red bikini during Marbella beach 
break.

No sleepless nights here! Make-up free Binky Felstead looks 
radiant as she steps out after sharing sweet selfie with newborn 
daughter India.

Newly-single Kerry Katona shares hilarious snap of daughter 
Dylan-Jorge, 3, smearing her entire face with make-up... days 
after the tot hacked off her hair.

She's a TEN(nis)! Imogen Thomas flaunts her phenomenal curves in 
a TINY white bikini as she gets into the Wimbledon spirit.

'I felt like throwing up!': Golnesa 'GG' Gharachedaghi said she 
knew 'hours' after marrying Shalom Yeroushalmi on a whim that it 
was a big mistake.

Carole Radziwill rates former flame George Clooney 9 out of 10 in 
bed as ladies of RHONY play Truth or Dare.

Her rock! Miranda Lambert reveals she calls beau Anderson East 
when close to a meltdown as she poses for Cosmopolitan's first 
country issue.

'We tried very hard to keep them': CBS claims it offered Daniel 
Dae Kim and Grace Park 'large and significant' pay increases not 
to leave Hawaii Five-0.

Out with the old, in with the 'in Vogue': Fashion bible's new 
editor hires BFF Naomi Campbell alongside Kate Moss and Steve 
McQueen in new roles.

'I'm still a giant loser!' Lorde reflects on leaving behind her 
teenage years and reveals she will drink a yard-long glass of 
beer to celebrate her 21st .

Denise Welch leaves her teenage son livid as she interrupts 
shopping trip to perform VERY public dance to song by his brother 
Matty Healy's band The 1975.

Seething Lauren Goodger launches into frenzied Twitter rant after 
she is 'forced to leave' Essex restaurant Sheesh 'because Mark 
Wright was on his way'.

World exclusive trailer of BBC Earth's 'One Amazing Day' reveals 
the mesmerising beauty of 24 hours on our planet.

'Big sister cheer is here!': Flipping Out's Jenni Pulos shares 
first photo of her new baby Georgia Grace with daughter Alianna.

Leading ladies! Melania and Ivanka look striking in statement 
prints as they join President Trump for the first full day of his 
Poland trip.

'People should be able to live without fear': Melania Trump 
shines in $2650 blue and hot pink dress as she delivers powerful 
speech at Warsaw Monument.

Uma Thurman and Ethan Hawke's daughter leads all-star cast in new 
BBC adaptation of Louisa May Alcott's classic novel Little Women.

Trying to impress someone? Brad Pitt shows off his muscles in 
tight T-shirt at his Los Angeles art studio... amid romance 
rumours with Sienna Miller.

Big Brother bosses consider 'moving house abroad to compete with 
Love Island' as ratings continue to plummet and viewership 
reaches an all-time low.

Oh, brother! Stony-faced Khloe Kardashian leans on boyfriend 
Tristan Thompson... as younger sibling Rob launches explicit rant 
against ex Blac Chyna.

Victoria's Secret star Romee Strijd shows off her endless legs 
and a glimpse of her slender midriff in tiny shorts as she heads 
to the gym with boyfriend Laurens.

So '90s! RHOC star Tamra Judge looks like Britney Spears in 
throwback photo... after beaming at her estranged daughter's 
graduation.

He popped the question! Bachelor vet Marcus Grodd proposes to 
Ally Lutar in Vancouver with stunning three-carat diamond ring.

Beauty and a beat! Jennifer Hawkins shows off her killer body in 
a skimpy bikini while dancing to music ... as she continues to 
holiday in the Maldives.

'It's out with the old and in with the new': FOUR more Emmerdale 
stars quit show bringing total up to 10 exits in 12 months....as 
producer is likened to Trump.

EastEnders fans are left heartbroken as the off-screen death of 
Robbie Jackson's beloved pet pooch Wellard II is revealed.

One Elle of a body! Newly-single Macpherson, 53, showcases her 
incredible figure in jaw-dropping throwback snap.

He's a real team player! Cheerful Prince Harry limbers up for a 
game of seven-a-side rugby as he joins a children's sporting 
festival in Leeds.

'I'm rich': Smug Blac Chyna taunts Rob Kardashian by posing with 
'$250k' diamonds he gave her and another man dressed in his robe 
after cheating claims .

Now that's rock and roll: Singer John Mayer is caught in the 
strongest earthquake to hit Montana in 12 years.

Game of Thrones' Lena Headey wows in haute-heritage shoot as she 
reveals she suffered from 'horrendous' postnatal depression 
during first season.

(I)man, she looks good! Model Chanel flaunts her enviably toned 
abs in white crop top as she joins chic Sofia Richie at 
star-studded July 4 party in Malibu.

Something to tell us, Cressida? Prince Harry's ex puts on a VERY 
cosy display as she strolls arm-in-arm with a male friend .

'It was really cliquey and bitchy': Love Island reject Chyna 
Ellis blasts female co-stars and says she 'had a feeling' Kem 
would dump her for Amber.

Rooneys 'planning to move to custom-built £10m country mansion 
close to his Merseyside childhood home' amid rumours of Wayne's 
return to Everton .

Socialite Caroline Vreeland flashes her bottom AGAIN as her 
sexily slashed shirt-dress catches the wind in Paris.

EXCLUSIVE: Nicky Hilton expecting second child with husband James 
Rothschild... less than one year after birth of daughter.

Beach babe Draya Michele flashes sideboob and peachy posterior in 
thong swimsuit as she frolics in the waves in Mexico.

A chip off the old block! David and Brooklyn Beckham cut dashing 
figures as they suit up for dinner in London.

'Grotbags has passed away. That's a bit of my childhood gone': 
Twitter mourns as children's TV star Carol Lee Scott dies, aged 
74.

'Come home now': Lottie Moss looks downcast during night out in 
London after sharing emotional post pining for boyfriend Alex 
Mytton .

Is it gold in there? Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace flaunts her buxom 
bust and pert derriere in perilously low-cut swimsuit for a dip 
in Los Angeles.

Ageless beauty Janice Dickinson, 62, hits the beach in a skimpy 
white bikini for Independence Day.

The wacky Factor! Sharon Osbourne and Simon Cowell put on VERY 
kooky displays as they reunite with fellow judges on night out.

The truth about Ronaldo's twins: Revealed, how the world's 
richest footballer (who has a beautiful girlfriend) used frozen 
embryos and a surrogate to create perfect mini-mes.

'He NEVER paid child maintenance': Stephanie Davis launches into 
tirade over ex Jeremy McConnell... as she accuses him of living 
with her 'rent free' and 'giving her chlamydia'.

What happened to Robbie? Williams looks notably different with 
fuller features and darker hair as he attends German anniversary 
celebration.

'I don't feel the need to play it safe': Love Island's new girl 
Georgia SHAKES up the villa by breaking up official couple Amber 
and Kem... as Jonny brands Theo a 'b***end' in dramatic 
re-coupling.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Slimmed down Kim Kardashian shows off her taut 
figure in skimpy bra top and shorts on grueling hike.

'Get over yourself!' Lauren Pope lashes out at Mark Wright after 
his seething ex-girlfriend Lauren Goodger accuses him of throwing 
her out of Essex restaurant.

Topless Kylie Jenner wraps up in nothing but a towel for bedroom 
selfie as she wigs out in bright maroon hairpiece.

'The age gap was a problem': Joe Quaranta, 56, becomes the fifth 
housemate to be evicted from Big Brother... as he brands his 
experience 'draining'.

Doctors warn 'Human Ken Doll' his nose could 'turn black and FALL 
OFF' after he underwent three rhinoplasty procedures in one year, 
completely destroying his skin .

Pink breastfeeds son Jameson during glam session... after 
daughter Willow suffers bloody nose at bike track.

Youthful Trinny Woodall, 53, looks incredible as she posts a 
video flaunting her washboard abs in a tiny black bikini.

Love Island's Jamie Jewitt revealed to have had a 'secret romance 
with former TOWIE star Jessica Wright'... after ex-girlfriend 
branded  male model a 'love rat'.

'He said this is Rocky, Rocky B': Love Island's Gabby reveals 
boyfriend Marcel has named his manhood after his Blazing Squad 
moniker... but is left facing a backlash.

Pregnant Kim Murray looks elegant in a floral shift dress as she 
excitedly cheers on husband Andy  during day five of Wimbledon 
Championships.

Ben Affleck 'had affair with Lindsay Shookus during marriage to 
Jennifer Garner': SNL producer steps out as shock new claims 
emerge .

Leggy Kimberley Garner shows off her slender figure in a floral 
playsuit with a ruffled neckline as she attends film screening.

Bikini-clad Alicia Vikander hides her washboard abs under a white 
cover-up as she joins beau Michael Fassbender and their friends 
on a yacht as they enjoy an intimate Ibiza getaway.

Plenty to catch up on! Skinny James Argent joins Mark Wright for 
a gruelling bike ride.. as his BFF's former flame Lauren Goodger 
accuses him of 'kicking her out' of Essex eatery.

Glamorous Michelle Heaton slips into TWO dresses as she steps out 
with her brood for children's launch... just days after being 
left red-faced (literally) following sunbathing mishap.

PICTURED: New parents George and Amal Clooney are seen with 
month-old twins Ella and Alexander for first time as they take a 
luxury private jet to Italy.

Party boat! Hailey Baldwin frolics in purple bikini on Miami 
cruise with Joe Jonas and Wilmer Valderrama.

Love Island shock as Amber Davies 'fears she might be pregnant 
with Kem Cetinay's child'... after producers are forced to step 
in and give her the morning after pill.

Look away, Rob! Blac Chyna shares a smooch with a mystery man... 
as it emerges ex Kardashian has 'cut her off financially' .

'Cheers for c*ckblocking me': Big Brother star Sam and Ellie 
Young are left annoyed as Sue tells the pair to stop kissing so 
loudly in bed together.

Lizzie Cundy, 47, shows off some serious sideboob in a revealing 
white swimsuit with a low-cut neckline as she hits the beach in 
the Maldives.

Who's who in the Wimbledon Royal Box: David Beckham and Anna 
Wintour are among famous faces watching Andy Murray and Rafael 
Nadal .

Newly single Amy Childs takes a stroll with baby Polly after 
splitting from jailbird beau Bradley Wright... but insists they 
WILL remain friends.

'I'm bored of him': Tyla reveals romance with Jonny is on the 
rocks... after Love Island newbie Theo admits he wants to couple 
up with her.

Helen Flanagan flashes her stomach in a crop top as she brings 
cute daughter Matilda along to star-studded Alton Towers event.

Love Island's Jess Shears showcases very ample cleavage as she 
cosies up to Dom Lever in Manchester... after dishing the dirt on 
their 'grabby and rough' sex.

Jeremy McConnell enjoys night out with pretty Love Island blonde 
in Dublin... as he sports two black eyes following hotel brawl 
with Stephanie Davis.

Cheers! Lady Victoria Hervey dresses up as a pint of lager and 
has a giggle with footballer Jamie O'Hara as the unlikely duo 
enjoy a day at the polo.

A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned and tanned pins in a 
gingham mini-dress as she mingles at House Festival.

Love Island's Caroline Flack displays her enviably toned curves 
in an off-shoulder playsuit as she joins leggy Laura Whitmore at 
House Festival.

Fun in the sun! Pregnant Chanelle Hayes proudly shows off her 
burgeoning bump as she frolics on the beach.

Hitting the right notes! Myleene Klass looks effortlessly elegant 
in a strapless floral gown as she attends music event.

'She is not sure she feels ready': Sarah Harding has doubts after 
'signing up for Celebrity Big Brother's new series'... amid 
claims of 'wild six-week affair' with Danny Dyer.

Pregnant Abbey Clancy displays a hint of baby bump as she packs 
on the PDA with husband Peter at Kings of Leon British Summer 
Time gig in London.

No ghostbusting needed!  Kristen Wiig sells hilltop mid-century 
modern LA home for a cool $2million.

Nicole Scherzinger shows off her curves in a figure-hugging 
bandage top and shiny green trousers as she dines in London... 
after flying from Mykonos for The X Factor auditions.

Hot mama! Jenna Dewan is a fashionable flyer in Kanye West cap 
and low-cut bodysuit as she and Channing Tatum jet from LAX.

'We are so blessed': Erica Durance will replace Laura Benanti as 
Supergirl's mother Alura in show's third season.

'My bathroom is nuts!' Bella Thorne shares glimpse of graffiti 
covered walls inside her home following party.

Jacqui Ritchie puts on a chic display in a floral cold-shoulder 
frock as she enjoys a pineapple cocktail with husband Guy at 
pal's star-studded wedding.

Feeling fruity! Claudia Winkleman dazzles in a bright yellow 
gingham maxi dress as she attends a friend's wedding in London.

Amanda Holden leaves ITV studios with her lookalike daughter 
Hollie... as fans slam 'awkward' presenting style.

Revealed: Jeremy Renner broke both arms while filming stunt on 
Avengers: Infinity War.

Cara Delevingne flaunts her bleached buzz cut in Paris as she 
puts on a typically edgy display in a bomber jacket and bandana 
after attending Fashion Week.

David Beckham cuts a dapper figure in a slick navy suit as he and 
mother Sandra mingle with Vogue editor Anna Wintour in the 
Wimbledon Royal Box.

KATIE HOPKINS: The Wimbledon royal box should be for real royals 
and the kings and queens of tennis - not the pushy Middleton 
mafia.

Love all! Camilla Kerslake flaunts GIANT diamond engagement ring 
as she cosies up to Chris Robshaw to lead the stars attending 
Wimbledon.

Blac Chyna to seek restraining order against 'violent' Rob 
Kardashian: Reality star seen after hiring lawyer who represented 
Mischa Barton following ex's revenge porn tirade.

How Macca and Linda gate-crashed our holidays (and conceived 
their first baby), writes Beatles biographer HUNTER DAVIES in his 
memoir .

Make-up free Lauren Goodger dons grey tracksuit pants as she 
steps out for the first time since 'pathetic' ex Mark Wright 'got 
her kicked her out of eatery'.

Thirsty work! Zara Phillips cools off with some water as she 
competes in the Barbury Horse Trials in sunny Wiltshire.

Natural beauty! Jennifer Lawrence looks flawless with no makeup 
on as she lands in New York after making a splash during Paris 
Fashion Week.

Just a coincidence? Olivier Martinez races away from the Chateau 
Marmont ONE DAY after ex Kylie Minogue shares photo of herself 
inside the same hotel.

No pain, no fame: Jackass vet Steve-O suffers major burns after 
pouring rocket engine fuel on himself during stunt for new comedy 
special.

Rock chic! Chloe Grace Moretz teams Rolling Stones T-shirt with 
tailored denim as she heads to meeting in LA.

She looks just like a Kardashian! Kim's best friend Larsa Pippen 
slips into low-cut dress to celebrate 43rd birthday... after 
messy split from Scottie.

Age-defying Liz Hurley, 52, shows off her toned figure in a 
skimpy scarlet two-piece as she celebrates National Bikini Day.

Fifi Geldof takes a fashion risk in a mauve jumpsuit and matching 
lipstick as she enjoys day out at House Festival.

Maxima and her mini-mes! Queen joins King Willem-Alexander and 
their trio of strawberry blonde daughters for annual royal family 
photo (and they arrived by BOAT).

Well, he did want to tie the knot! Ben Fogle reveals the VERY 
romantic way he proposed to wife Marina after 49 days at sea 
without a jewellery shop in sight (and it's better than a 
diamond).

The last home rapper Tupac Shakur lived in before his 1996 murder 
is placed on the market for $2.6 million.

'Walk away from all the drama': Sister of Nick Kyrgios' 
girlfriend shares cryptic social media post after the tennis bad 
boy was seen stumbling out of a nightclub with two other women.

The grace of Nureyev and the effortless power of Ali: 
Self-confessed Fedhead WILLIAM SKIDELSKY argues why Roger Federer 
is the greatest ever .

SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Something caught your eye, Mr Hague? 
Blonde soprano Camilla Kerslake's form-fitting outfit risks 
distracting former Tory leader .

SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Luvvie Emma enjoys a lavish Greek cruise 
on a £24,000-a-week 161ft party boat used by the Kardashians .

Heidi Klum puts on a leggy display in cropped skinny jeans with  
charming ladybird sweater while out in New York.

Family night: Celine Dion rocks out in an edgy embellished 
ensemble as she joins her dressed down son Rene-Charles Angelil 
for dinner in Paris.

'Their relationship feels so real': Caroline Flack thinks Olivia 
Attwood and Chris Hughes could WIN Love Island.

Hitting 'em up!  More bad news for Kendall and Kylie Jenner as 
they are sued by photographer for using his Tupac images on 
unauthorized shirts.

'It's the size of an elephant's trunk!' Montana gushes about 
Alex's manhood... after becoming third couple in the Love Island 
villa to have sex.

The Only Way Is Off! Busty Frankie Essex whips off her bikini top 
as she puts on a racy display in LA... following two stone weight 
loss.

Olivia Wilde legs it around New York in colourful arty frock as 
she continues to dazzle audiences in 'shocking' production of 
George Orwell's 1984.

Davina McCall, 49, showcases her toned figure in a form-fitting 
bardot dress as she leads the Attitude Pride Awards arrivals.

Proud mother Kimberley Walsh cuts a casual figure in a floral 
maxidress as she enjoys rare family outing with her two sons and 
husband Justin Scott .

That Kardashian life! Kourtney boasts about dressing in head to 
toe Dior while at luxury villa on adults-only St Tropez trip .

Heating up Hamburg: Ivanka Trump struts her stuff in £1,500 
jumpsuit as she and Jared Kushner continue to pile on the PDA at 
G20 summit.

Pregnant Ferne McCann dresses her baby bump in figure-fitting 
sports gear as she keeps fit while expecting.

A call to arms! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson flexes his bicep in 
response to Jessica Biel's request for him to support US troops.

The look of love! Brigitte Nielsen, 53, and husband Mattia Dessi, 
38, head for lunch hand-in-hand in Los Angeles.

'I poured nail varnish into his Xbox!' Catherine Tyldesley 
reveals she can relate to her Corrie character Eva Price after 
bitter revenge on a cheating ex.

Lovely in leather! Courteney Cox, 53, appears youthful in 
motorcycle jacket over floral dress as she heads to West 
Hollywood dinner.

Tom Daley's husband Dustin Lance Black rants against 'disgusting' 
Theresa May over DUP deal that he claims is 'hurtful and harmful' 
to gay people.

Steal their Insta-style! FEMAIL finds the best outfit-of-the-day 
snaps taken by fashionable celebs like Olivia Culpo and Reese 
Witherspoon - and reveals where to shop their exact pieces.

It's sporty Pattison! Vicky looks gym ready in grey camouflage 
leggings as she joins Ashley James at London launch party.

Liam Gallagher's Love Island obsession reaches new heights as 
eagle-eyed fans spot picture of Dom Lever saved to his camera 
roll.

'Failing beautifully' as a mother: Pink shares funny photo as she 
ignores daughter Willow cycling indoors 'without clothes and 
helmet'.

Video vixen! Dua Lipa shows off killer abs while sporting sexy 
black bra in New Rules music video.

Brooke Burke poses for sizzling bikini selfie in St Tropez after 
sharing workout tips with fans.

Watch out, Amber! Ex-TOWIE star Georgia Harrison prepares to 
cause a stir as Love Island's latest newcomer... as she sets her 
sights on Kem.

EXCLUSIVE 'Alex is ready to be a dad and my tummy is tingling': 
Olivia Buckland on marriage, babies and why this year's Love 
Island is 'more savage'.

Jennifer Garner steps out amid claims she was left 'devastated' 
by Ben Affleck's 'full-blown affair' with SNL producer Lindsay 
Shookus during marriage.

'It makes my cleavage look amazing!': Coco Austin models 
gravity-defying bra for 'big boob problem because I'm still 
breastfeeding'.

Just like mom! Kaia Gerber wears same cut-off shorts Cindy 
Crawford modeled in 1992 Pepsi commercial as she strolls with 
male friend in Malibu.

This is her perfect haircut! Martine McCutcheon looks 
dramatically different as she debuts new short bobbed style... 
after releasing her first album in 14 years.

From curvy lady to cardio queen! Shahs Of Sunset star Mercedes 
'MJ' Javid flaunts figure during hike... after losing almost 
20lbs this year.

Dawn French stuns fans as she shows off her dramatically slimmer 
frame after losing seven-and-a half stone in weight.

Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey says she believes she lost out 
on roles because she wouldn't flirt with casting directors, but 
insists she's 'very happy' she didn't 'play that game'.

Amber Heard and Jason Momoa chill on back of truck with director 
James Wan in behind-the-scenes shot from Aquaman set.

'I felt like I was five years old': Kesha discusses awkward 
moment Jerry Seinfeld refused to hug her.

Heavily pregnant Abi Titmuss flaunts her blossoming bump as she 
leaves her rock star husband Ari Welkom's gig in Los Angeles.

'I'm concerned for her safety': Love Island star Tyla Carr's dad 
reveals plans to hire bodyguards for reality beauty as she's 
rocked by death threats.

Instagram star and swimsuit model Alexis Ren lands first major 
magazine cover, posing for Maxim in very sexy cleavage-baring 
outfits, as she insists she is more than just a 'pretty face'.

Forget something? Make-up free Amber Turner ditches her usual 
Essex glamour (and her trousers!) as she runs errands in just a 
T-shirt.

Holding court: Lilly Becker sports face paint as she throws a 
garden party for son Amadeus at sprawling home... after Boris is 
declared bankrupt.

George Clooney 'planning to move Amal and their twins back to LA 
amid security concerns over £20m English country manor', claims 
magazine report .

Khloe Kardashian takes her mind off brother Rob's ongoing revenge 
porn drama as she enjoys date night with beau Tristan Thompson.

'I may hang up my judging wig': British design judge Laurence 
Llewelyn-Bowen hints he's quitting House Rules to put family 
commitments first.

Blac Chyna steps out with hairstylist pal who posted video of 
himself in her bed... as Rob Kardashian 'cuts her off 
financially' after social media rant.

'In bed, watching Love Island!' Ladies' man Shane Warne outs 
himself as an 'obsessed' fan of raunchy reality show after 
live-tweeting.

'I used to be so orange it looked like I'd bathed in gravy!' 
Lydia Bright reveals she's going for the natural look... as she 
admits she started fake tanning aged JUST 11.

Sultry in the sun! Shanina Shaik smolders in bright salmon 
swimsuit during Malibu photo shoot.

Going strong! Jennifer Lopez showcases her ample curves as she 
holds hands with beau Alex Rodriguez for a romantic stroll in NYC.

It's a dark, throbbing survivalist horror story... and It Comes 
At Night doesn't end well for anyone involved .

'Sexy lingerie is my secret weapon to boost confidence!': Model 
Ashley Graham poses in skimpy bra and undies while unwinding on a 
sofa.

Karsplashian! Jet skiing Kourtney, 38, canoodles in the sea with 
Younes Bendjima, 24, as she shows off her shapely posterior in 
thong swimsuit.

Back to work! Sheepish looking British tennis starlet heads to 
courts for first time since partying until 3am with Wimbledon 
'bad boy' Nick Kyrgios.

Love (Island) rat! Theo Campbell had a secret GIRLFRIEND before 
entering the ITV2 show... and her Twitter post exposing his ways 
has gone viral.

Make-up free Lily James looks kooky in wide-legged pinstripe 
trousers as she enjoys a spot of shopping in fashion capital 
Milan.

California girls! TOWIE's Chloe Meadows flaunts ample assets in 
tiny string bikini as she joins curvaceous Courtney Green in Los 
Angeles.

Newly-engaged Mario Falcone cuddles up to fiancée Becky Miesner 
as they enjoy a romantic stroll in the park .

Youthful Liv Tyler looks chic as she leaves the BST Festival with 
fiancé Dave Gardner... after celebrating her milestone 40th 
birthday.

Leggy Vogue Williams flaunts toned pins and tiny waist in burnt 
orange dress at British Style Collective launch in Liverpool.

Melania towers over Putin at the G20: The First Lady shakes hands 
with the Russian president after finally making it out of her 
hotel room where she was trapped by rioters.

Jeremy Corbyn urges supporters to 'Vote for Marcel to win Love 
Island': Labour leader tells a student magazine he wants 
ex-Blazin' Squad star to win .

Busty Jess Shears cosies up to Dom Lever on date night... as she 
describes sex with her Love Island beau as 'rough and grabby' and 
talks marriage and kids.

Something for you too, ma'am! The Queen smiles as she's presented 
with a bunch of flowers by a little girl after handing out royal 
medals in Edinburgh.

The Queen's Justice! HBO releases first three episode titles for 
season seven of Game Of Thrones... and hints at an execution.

'It's more than a fling': Ben Affleck 'in the early stages of 
dating SNL producer Lindsay Shookus' after filing for divorce 
from Jennifer Garner .

Andy Murray reveals that Peppa Pig is his favourite TV show as he 
calls the cartoon a 'lifesaver' when it comes to keeping daughter 
Sophia, 1, quiet.

It's getting serious! Flip Or Flop star Christina El Moussa has 
already introduced her kids to Doug Spedding's SIX children.

Too warm, your Majesty? Photograph captures rare glimpse of the 
Queen dispensing with formality - and her trademark coat - to 
display summer dress.

Mark Wright enjoys a night on the town... as raging Lauren 
Goodger tells her ex to 'own the f*** up' over restaurant bust-up 
in furious Twitter rant.

Member badge revoked? Lorde reveals she isn't part of Taylor 
Swift's 'squad'... after comparing their friendship to an 
'autoimmune disease'.

EXCLUSIVE 'It was very emotional': Naomi Campbell makes a 
surprise appearance on the Azzedine Alaia catwalk at Paris Haute 
Couture Fashion Week.

Jessica Simpson shares snap of daughter Maxwell pouting in 
make-up on playdate with BFF CaCee Cobb's little girl.

Dianna Agron oozes casual chic in duster jacket over sweater and 
skirt as she braves wet New York weather.

Sassy Blac Chyna slips into a dominatrix-inspired latex bodysuit 
as she turns her attention to new shoot amid Rob Kardashian feud.

Mollie King flashes a hint of toned tum in cutout LBD as she 
joins leggy Nicola Roberts at Beards Jewellery launch.

'I'm the happiest I've ever been': LCD Soundsystem's Gavin Russom 
comes out as trans woman ahead of tour.

Starting them young! Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy freestyle raps 
in leaked audio of bonus track from father Jay-Z's new 4:44 album.

Cara Delevingne rocks an edgy sports luxe look as she joins chic 
Georgia May Jagger at exhibition launch in Paris.

She loves drama! Celine Dion dramatically poses in 
Victorian-inspired outfit for an outrageous photo shoot in Paris.

'You put me through hell': Kesha hits back at her former producer 
Dr Luke with a powerful video for her first single in four years.

Lauren Goodger hits out at claims she 'was asked to leave Essex 
eatery because she didn't have a reservation and stole chairs to 
sit with friends'.

So in love! Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez hit gym together... 
as singer and actress flaunts fab figure in yoga pants and pink 
bra.

We had to pay for Rick Parfitt's funeral, claims Status Quo 
frontman: Francis Rossi also suggests 'money and ego' played a 
part in his friend's death.

Holiday's over! Lea Michele shows off tanned limbs in LA as she 
shops for groceries in tiny shorts after Hawaiian vacation.

Racy in red! Iggy Azalea sizzles in buttock-baring outfit with 
black laces as she rocks Univision awards show.

No shame in her game! Amy Schumer shares silly swimsuit snap with 
her legs wide open in honour of National Bikini Day.

'To think we come from convict stock!' Strictly's Craig Revel 
Horwood discovers his ancestor was a CRIMINAL as he delves into 
his family history.

That looks tasty! Taylor Hill dons Rolling Stones tongue T-shirt 
as she steps out with beau Michael Shank.

'Do I look like step Mother Theresa?' Selma Blair reveals on 
Instagram that she's joined TV reboot of Heathers.

The happiest couple on earth! Patton Oswalt takes new fiancée 
Meredith Salenger to Disneyland after announcing engagement.

Demure Lauren Pope covers up in a simple blue dress for Ladies 
Day at Sandown races... as she continues to showcase the results 
of her breast implants removal.

Legs eleven! Heidi Klum shows off her famous limbs in leather 
mini-dress after GMA appearance.

Lena Dunham blasted by shelter for giving away dog she adopted 
from facility after FOUR years due to behavioral issues' - but 
she claims she did 'what the best mother would do'.

Rapper T.I. and wife Tiny guarded by assault rifle-wielding 
security at Detroit nightclub... amid claims he paid Blac Chyna 
to have a threesome with them .

Sheer delight! Singer Lorde flashes her black bra in see-through 
top as she performs an intimate concert in Sydney.

What a Gal! Gadot flashes her Wonder Woman legs in spandex 
leggings as she goes for a stroll after workout.

'Friends sometimes make out': Logan Paul offers a half-hearted 
explanation after he was spotted kissing his newly-single 'crush' 
Chloe Bennet in Hawaii.

American Gods' Kristin Chenoweth, Ian McShane, and Emily Browning 
reunite at Outfest.

EXCLUSIVE: 'We were just having a good time': Stunning blonde, 
18, seen partying with an injured Nick Kyrgios until 3am insists 
the pair are 'just old friends' .

Prince Ernst August of Hanover puts on lavish show of German 
tradition as he walks the aisle with his Russian fashion designer 
bride - but the groom's father is nowhere to be seen .

Cristiano Ronaldo takes dive while showing off flyboarding skills 
as he joins son and girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez in Spain... 
amid claims she is pregnant.

Windswept Cheryl debuts her lighter locks on Instagram... as she 
continues to make social media comeback following the birth of 
son Bear.

Victoria Beckham snuggles up to Harper in sweet selfie before 
kicking off early birthday celebrations for her daughter with 
David.

True Blood star Nelsan Ellis dies aged 39 of 'complications with 
heart failure'.

'We're both in this photo... you're in the tummy': Princes 
William and Harry leaf through their family album as they discuss 
their late mother in documentary on Diana's life.

'Happy Birthday my sweet P!' Kim Kardashian shares cute snap of 
niece Penelope playing with daughter North.

Message from Meeks? Chloe Green beams at her mobile phone as she 
hangs out with Michelle Rodriguez in St Tropez... after facing 
backlash over her 'affair' with married model Jeremy.

Pregnant Katie Piper cradles her blossoming baby bump in silk 
jumpsuit as she joins husband Richard Sutton at star-studded 
Wimbledon party.

Washing the drama right out of their hair? Love Island's female 
stars head to the salon to spruce up their locks to 'distract 
from current tensions in the villa' .

Trendy pals Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner look in high spirits 
as they're joined by Kylie Jenner to support her rapper beau 
Travis Scott at Wireless.

Don't rain(bow) on their parade! Kendall Jenner flashes her flat 
stomach in a tiny bandeau top while pal Bella Hadid sizzles in 
denim as they celebrate London Pride.

Lady Victoria Hervey and Jamie O'Hara put on an eye-popping 
display in matching rainbow angel outfits as the unlikely pair 
celebrate London Pride.

Curves ahead! Ashley Graham sizzles in racy bikini snaps as she 
reveals her bountiful bosom and enviable figure.

Love Island's Jessica Shears flaunts her abs in a skimpy crop top 
and leggings with sheer panels at beauty launch.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Lauren Goodger visits her jailbird beau Joey 
Morrison with rolllers in her hair... after she accused 
'pathetic' ex Mark Wright of 'kicking her out' of Essex eatery.

Chloe Green and billionaire father Sir Phillip cut a low profile 
as they enjoy another St Tropez break... after backlash over her 
'affair' with married Jeremy Meeks.

'They are seriously considering it in the future': Smitten Vogue 
Williams and beau Spencer Matthews are hoping to move in together 
after seven months of dating.

Love Island's Jess Shears flashes underboob in a VERY revealing 
swimsuit as she celebrates reaching 1 million Instagram followers 
with a cheeky dance.

Keep those receipts! Blac Chyna's side piece Rarri True RETURNS 
$136k worth of jewelry he bought for her after Rob Kardashian 
revealed she was 'cheating'.

Braless Winnie Harlow flaunts her svelte physique in an off the 
shoulder crop top and cargo pants as she attends London's 
Wireless Festival.

Eye-catching Celine Dion dons a structured gold blazer and 
heavily ripped jeans as she continues to flaunt her bold image 
overhaul in Paris.

Prince Harry is 'madly in love' with Meghan Markle and will 
propose to her later this year, friends of the young royal reveal.

Busty Jemma Lucy flaunts the results of her Brazilian bum lift in 
high-cut thong swimsuit as she enjoys Spanish getaway.

Surely she's the guest of honour! Baywatch legend Pamela Anderson 
flashes her lean legs in glittering gown for swimwear fashion 
show in Paris.

Britney Spears reveals enviable figure in crop top and teeny 
shorts...as she raises $1 million for children's cancer facility.

'You have it wrong': Furious Jamie Laing jumps to the defence of 
co-star girlfriend Frankie Gaff... as it's claimed she 'kissed 
TOWIE's Dan Edgar' .

Hughes wore it better? Nicola proves her MIC bond with Louise 
Thompson is still strong as they don the SAME floral dress at 
Wimbledon.

Flying solo! Love Island star Dom Lever separates from new love 
Jessica Shears... as she dishes the dirt on their 'rough' sex 
life.

PICTURED: Ben Affleck and SNL producer Lindsay Shookus look 
smitten on romantic date... amid claims they had secret affair 
while they were both married.

Bikini-clad Lateysha Grace shakes her derriere in the sun as she 
performs a VERY energetic dance routine .

Crouching Peter, Hidden Footballer: 6ft 7 footballer Crouch 
struggles to fit in packed tube carriage... after announcing he's 
expecting third child with Abbey Clancy.

'Are you coming back?': Dumped Love Islander Chloe Crowhurst 
sends fans into a frenzy as she reveals she's 'back in Majorca to 
film in a villa'.

What a racket! Stacey Solomon puts on a demure display in a 
striped blue dress as she and boyfriend Joe Swash go to Wimbledon 
bash.

'I don't think we will ever get back together': Love Island's 
Nathan Massey rules out a reunion with pregnant ex Cara De La 
Hoyde after she admitted she'd love to rekindle romance.

Stephanie Davis and Jeremy McConnell were 'separated by police in 
ANOTHER blazing row' three days before hotel room brawl.

Sinitta reveals Simon Cowell won't pop the question as she admits 
to STILL fancying the mogul... after slamming him for replacing 
her.

Living the Lush Life! Busty Zara Larsson oozes glamour in skimpy 
bralet... before sharing a smooch with model beau Brian H 
Whittaker at Wireless Festival.

Kimberly Walsh shows off her tiny waist in powder blue wrap dress 
with semi-sheer overlay as she heads to fashion party.

Love match! Vicky Pattison flashes ample assets in plunging lace 
dress as she enjoys romantic date day with beau John Noble as 
they join the stars at Wimbledon.

Cindy Crawford stands curbside as she waits for wealthy husband 
Rande Gerber to park his Bentley.

Carrie Fisher's daughter Billie Lourd, 24, set to inherit Star 
Wars actress' fortune and $18million Beverly Hills estate.

Could this video CLEAR Venus Williams in fatal car crash? Video 
shows she entered junction LEGALLY before being T-boned by driver.

Under wraps! Nicole Richie bundles up despite hot weather as she 
jets into D.C. with rocker husband Joel Madden and their two 
children.

Shrugging it off! Jennifer Garner flashes a smile during gym run 
just hours after Ben Affleck was spotted on ANOTHER date with 
Lindsay Shookus.

It's too hot for clothes! Jaden Smith takes his shirt off as he 
battles warm weather with trip to ice cream shop while holding on 
to his new girlfriend.

'I don't feel the need to play it safe': Love Island's new girl 
Georgia SHAKES up the villa by breaking up official couple Amber 
and Kem... as Jonny brands Theo a 'b***end' .

Retail run! Angelina Jolie keeps it casual for toy store shopping 
trip with son Knox, eight, in Los Angeles.

Awkward! Kristen Stewart gets stuck sharing flight with her ex 
Robert Pattinson...as she jets into LA with girlfriend Stella 
Maxwell.

Red alert! Bella Thorne makes sure to stand out in quirky outfit 
and star embossed boots.

LaBusted! Shia LaBeouf is arrested in Georgia for public 
drunkenness and disorderly conduct.

Risky business! Kendall Jenner struggles to see in oversize straw 
hat as she teeters on seven inch heels during quirky photoshoot 
in London.

Bianca Gascoigne flaunts her ample cleavage and toned legs in a 
plunging fuchsia gown as she swings by her London strip club.

Elizabeth Hurley, 52, shows off her age-defying figure in a tiny 
two-piece as Ashley Graham flaunts her stunning curves to lead 
the stars celebrating National Bikini Day .

'He taught me to be a man, a fighter, a survivor': Marilyn Manson 
announces the death of his father and shares rare childhood 
photograph with his dad.

Olivia Buckland flashes her taut midriff in knotted T-shirt and 
asymmetric skirt as she joins fiancé Alex Bowen at The British 
Style Collective show.

'He NEVER paid child maintenance!' Stephanie Davis accuses Jeremy 
McConnell of living with her 'rent free' and 'giving her 
CHLAMYDIA' .

Jessica Wright shows off her enviably lean legs in thigh-skimming 
floral minidress as she gets into the party spirit at House 
Festival.

Ain't nothin' but mammals! Chris Hemsworth's children watch on as 
pigs are caught mating in paddock.

Brave Richard Hammond looks in good spirits as he enjoys family 
night out on crutches a month after his horrific Top Gear crash .

Heavily pregnant Danielle Lloyd showcases blossoming bump in chic 
monochrome ensemble .

'There's a problem with my glass...it's empty!' Australian crank 
call DJ Mel Greig flaunts her cleavage as she prepares for a wild 
weekend .

Ringo Starr celebrates turning 77 by taking to the stage for his 
annual Peace and Love celebration... as he reveals Sir Paul 
McCartney will feature on his new album.

Watch out boys! Sophie Monk makes final adjustments in a 
figure-hugging red dress while filming promo for The Bachelorette.

Busting out! Skye Wheatley flaunts her artificial assets in a 
VERY skimpy string bikini .

Sophie Ellis-Bextor flashes toned legs and pert derriere in 
tasseled playsuit as she rocks Cornbury Music Festival.

Party time! Anna Friel puts on a leggy display in denim shorts as 
she stocks up on bubbly after second series of Marcella is 
confirmed .

Ellie Goulding puts on a leggy display in thigh-skimming shorts 
as she enjoys romantic date with athlete beau Caspar Jopling in 
London.

Total focus! Benedict Cumberbatch suits up as Dr. Strange on 
Avengers: Infinity War set.

Quite an eyeful! Bella Thorne risks wardrobe malfunction as she 
flashes major underboob in tiny crop top.

'Meatball power!' Jersey Shore cast reunites to film secret 
special five years after finale.

Legs for days! Kourtney Kardashian shows off her knockout body in 
Saint-Tropez flashback photo after returning home to LA.

White hot! Andie MacDowell, 59, looks youthful in strapless top 
and baggy linen trousers .

Cheeky! Bikini-clad Olivia Munn flashes pert behind as she 
celebrates the end of tropical birthday vacation with girlfriends.

Top of the crops! Lindsey Vonn sizzles in midriff-baring outfit 
as she and her beau Kenan Smith head to Craig's.

'I was hoisted from my hole': Tallulah Willis celebrates three 
years of sobriety...as older sister Rumer gives her heartfelt 
congratulations.

Hello petal! Courteney Cox is a summer stunner as she accentuates 
svelte physique in floral print dress .

'Already a learning experience': Ashton Kutcher responds to 
critics of his LinkedIn post about 'gender equality in the work 
place'.

Orange crush! Kourtney Kardashian jets into LA in bright track 
pants after romantic St. Tropez getaway with boytoy Younes 
Bendjima.

Busty Bella Hadid flaunts her curves in a crop top and tracksuit 
as she leaves Heathrow Airport with double denim-clad Winnie 
Harlow... after walking in Haute Couture Fashion Week in Paris .

Casual couple! Jaime King and husband Kyle Newman keep things 
stylishly simple for shopping trip in Beverly Hills.

Salt in his wounds! Shirtless Home And Away star James Stewart 
shows off fit physique in boardshorts at Palm Beach... after THAT 
bikie brawl.

Family day! Heidi Klum rocks boho chic maxi dress as she sweetly 
holds hands with her little girl Lou.

Love Island's Olivia Buckland shows off her legs in a pink 
miniskirt at fashion event... after confessing she wants children 
with fiancé Alex Bowen.

Ashlee Simpson cradles daughter Jagger at LAX with husband Evan 
Ross... after Austin vacation.

'You're lucky that I have the self-control to not beat your 
a**!': How UFC star Travis Browne and Ronda Rousey tracked down 
the burglars who raided their home.

BEL MOONEY: My family don't want me to sell up and wed again 
after I met a man through internet dating .

'I've been a fan for many years': Director Sofia Coppola reveals 
she had 'Nicole Kidman in her head' when she wrote the part of 
the cruel headmistress in The Beguiled.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Newly single Jeremy Meeks emerges from hiding 
as he reunites with Chloe Green in a hotel pool... days after 
filing for legal separation from wife Melissa.

Mel B 'ordered to pay estranged husband Stephen Belafonte $40,000 
per month'... after blowing her multi-million pound fortune 
during their 10-year marriage.

'His bed isn't even cold yet!' Love Island viewers BLAST 'fake 
and ridiculous' Tyla for locking lips with Mike... just days 
after tearfully vowing to wait for dumped Islander Jonny.

Lauren Goodger brands herself 'a new pin-up girl' as she sizzles 
in TINY lingerie to tease 2018 calendar... two days after vowing 
to leave the spotlight in wake of 'Sheeshgate'.

Still in the honeymoon period! Loved-up Pippa sweetly holds hands 
with her new husband after watching Federer win match at 
Wimbledon (while Carole and the other James make it a family 
affair).

Lucy Mecklenburgh is flirty in plunging cut-out gown for first 
public outing with Ryan Thomas at Wimbledon... as she FINALLY 
posts picture with new beau.

Queen B is back! Beyonce slips into tight mini for date night 
with Jay-Z after proudly sharing first picture of one-month-old 
twins .

So IS it possible to find love online? Our four sceptics give 
their verdict after trying Match for a month...  .

'She loves that he's a one-woman man and not fame-hungry': Rita 
Ora 'is quietly dating' Rolling Stone legend Ronnie Wood's son 
Tyrone... after string of high-profile romances.

'She works incredibly hard and the rewards have come in for her': 
Michelle Keegan 'has made more than £1 MILLION' since quitting 
Coronation Street three years ago.

'I visited prisons for half of my childhood': Big Brother's 
Simone Reed breaks down as she reflects on her troubled childhood 
following double eviction with housemate Sue Evans.

'I see through her bulls**t!': Love Island evictee Theo Campbell 
lashes out at 'fake' Tyla Carr... and insists he WAS single when 
he entered the villa as he hits out at 'bitter' ex's claims.

Doctor Who bosses to unveil identity of 13th Doctor after 
Wimbledon Men's Final...with Kris Marshall and Phoebe 
Waller-Bridge tipped as favourites to take over from Peter 
Capaldi.

Almost there! Blac Chyna shows off impressive 53lb weight loss 
and reveals she only has 8lb more to reach her goal after secret 
surgery and workouts.

TV chef (and hunk) Dean Edwards gets his grill on and taste tests 
M&S's amazing new BBQ range .

Vogue apologise after being criticised for calling cover-stars 
Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik gender fluid because they borrow each 
other's clothes.

Steven Beale rocked Lauren Branning's 'weld' and scuppered her 
attempt to leave him for Josh the creepy 'Photocopier Guy, writes 
JIM SHELLEY.

'Another day at the office': Topless Heidi Klum poses in fishnets 
while on set of photo shoot.

Stony-faced Stella McCartney arrives at Wimbledon with husband 
Alasdhair... after 'lashing out at Beckhams for sharing a photo 
of her daughter'.

Plastic princess! Kim Kardashian shows off bare chest in 
see-through dress that also exposes her underwear as she finds 
another way to make jaws drop.

Louise Redknapp 'lives it up with Daisy Lowe hours after family 
holiday to Mallorca'... as party girl, 28, 'is blamed for helping 
star, 42, discover her youth and leave husband Jamie'.

Boho beauty! Bra-free Paris Jackson rocks nude tank top while 
leaving the DMV in LA.

Busty Demi Rose Mawby leaves VERY little to the imagination as 
she flaunts her assets and eye-popping derriere in a scanty 
bikini while sunning.

How nearly dying after childbirth inspired my wife to create Call 
The Midwife: STEPHEN McGANN reveals the illness that nearly cost 
Heidi Thomas her life.

'She's like ROALD DAHL!' Love Island's Sam makes bizarre 
comparison after Camilla's emotional speech... as moved fans call 
for the 'national treasure' to be made PRIME MINISTER.

Anything you can do! 'Newly-single' Lottie Moss poses seductively 
on a bed in sizzling sheer lingerie... shared mere HOURS after 
'love rat ex' Alex Mytton posts sexy shirtless selfie.

No wonder the Queen calls Zara's husband a 'proper man': 
Rough-and-tumble dad Mike Tindall has cut down (a tad) on his 
boozing, helped his wife through miscarriage and doesn't care 
that she earns more than him .

Lily Collins shows off svelte figure in stunning coral Bardot 
dress as she attends Ischia Film Festival...after dropping 20lbs 
for her role in controversial new film To The Bone.

Doing a victory lap? Winnie Harlow looks in high spirits as she 
canoodles with rumoured beau Lewis Hamilton in Mykonos.

'So excited for you all to see!' Megan McKenna CONFIRMS country 
music show documenting shot at topping US charts... after failed 
bids for singing stardom on TOWIE, BGT and X Factor.

'I'm literally crying!' Viewers flood Twitter with praise for 
Phillip Schofield after he offers to pay off struggling single 
mother's debts on This Morning.

'I lost my mind!': Nicole Kidman, 50, poses in VERY racy red 
swimsuit on cover of LOVE as she reveals she thought the pictures 
were too 'crazy' to publish.

Lovely in lace! Myleene Klass blossoms in semi-sheer midi dress 
as she enjoys a sunny stroll in London.

'They're perfect for each other!' Holly Hagan 'is smitten' with 
Motherwell FC footballer Jacob Blyth... as cosy snap of the pair 
fuels dating rumours.

Poolside Polly: Amy Childs splashes in the water with her 
seven-week-old daughter as they enjoy their first holiday 
together in Ibiza.

'I need a tan!' Kylie Jenner shows off her taut figure in crop 
top after unveiling new sock range with brother Rob Kardashian.

Pictured: The balcony where Walking Dead stuntman, 33, fell 25 
feet to his death while rehearsing a fight - and the safety mat 
he missed by a matter of inches.

Peek-a-boo! Ashley Graham flashes some serious leg in a mini 
skirt with thigh-high slit in Canada.

Caitlyn Jenner calls Rob Kardashian 'stupid' for posting revenge 
porn... as she reveals their broken relationship.

Middle child syndrome! Jennifer Garner takes her youngest and 
eldest to lunch at Au Fudge as Seraphina misses out.

SPOILER ALERT: 'I want sex and nothing else': Love Island's 
Olivia flirts up a storm with Mike just days after splitting from 
Chris... but he wants Tyla.

Classic with a twist! Hailey Baldwin reveals a hint of midriff in 
a white button up with blue jeans...adding a red Louis Vuitton X 
Supreme handbag.

Turning up the Heat(on)! Michelle shows off her gym-honed figure 
in skimpy swimsuit with racy sheer back as she enjoys Ibiza 
family holiday .

'I enjoyed not being very experienced': Harry Styles reveals his 
'nerves' over first acting role in Dunkirk helped add tension to 
character.

How bow dah? Kim Kardashian poses with 'Cash Me Outside' girl 
Danielle Bregoli... after teen talked trash about KUWTK family.

Bottoms up! Bikini-clad Jennifer Lopez, 47, flashes her bare butt 
in throwback photo from Miami as she promotes her new album.

'Stay strong': Khloe Kardashian's ex Lamar Odom doles out advice 
to Rob adding 'put God first' after recluse's bitter tirade 
against Blac Chyna.

A perfect game set and match! Damian Lewis can't keep his hands 
off his wife Helen McCrory as she leans in for a kiss during 
Wimbledon semi-finals.

'She shot both pictures at the same time and then placed the 
babies in!' Holly Willoughby shares bizarre theory about 
Beyonce's big twin reveal photo .

'The memories I will treasure forever': Bikini clad Jacqueline 
Jossa showcases toned abs and pert bust in throwback snap of 
Ibiza hen do.

'Sun-kissed': Alessandra Ambrosio flaunts her flat midriff and 
long legs in flirty white bikini during Ibiza holiday.

Take that, haters! Ariel Winter wears Daisy Dukes again after 
hitting back at critics of her summer wardrobe .

'I'm not a whore because I wear shorts': Ariel Winter hits back 
at commenters criticizing her Daisy Dukes and crop top in Twitter 
'rant'.

Back to Blac: Chyna looks completely unrecognisable in throwback 
pre-surgery photo taken in a hairdressing salon before she was 
famous.

Bikini-clad Adriana Lima flaunts her model figure in a revealing 
black two-piece as she takes to the water with her new beau Metin 
Hara in Turkey .

'I had nothing when I started': Star Wars creator George Lucas 
shuts down autograph seekers as he suggests they try honest work.

SPOILER ALERT: Michelle Connor attacks drug dealer Rich as a mass 
brawl erupts on the Coronation Street cobbles following Chesney's 
stabbing.

What can I do to get my husband to forgive my cheating and will 
he always look at the past? .

Braless Jess Shears sizzles in T-shirt as she puts on an united 
front with Dom Lever... after Love Island fans claim Mike 
'basically admitted' they slept together.

'Did Holly just drop the F bomb on daytime TV?': Viewers in shock 
as they accuse Willoughby of making a VERY rude statement... 
before she goes on summer break.

'Words cannot express our horniness for the GOT premiere': 
Kristen Bell and husband Dax Shepard recreate Game Of Thrones 
opening in bizarre video.

'Sir Carter and Rumi 1 month today': Beyonce FINALLY unveils her 
twins and confirms their names... as she poses in garden of her 
$400,000 a month Malibu rental.

'I survived drama school for this?' Sigourney Weaver almost 
refused iconic role in Alien because she didn't like science 
fiction.

SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Members at club where Pippa and Kate play 
tennis are in revolt at £22m makeover .

SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Can't you buy Dave some new clothes, Sam? 
Former PM wears same shirt, jeans and black shoes to two events 
in a month .

'I was still plagued by anxiety': Emilia Clarke suffered 
crippling self doubt during first seasons of Game Of Thrones... 
after defending THOSE sex scenes.

Chic Georgia Toffolo dazzles in a floral patterned satin dress as 
she enjoys a day at the races following filming for Made In 
Chelsea in Ibiza.

It's Dior darling! Victoria Silvstedt shows off her endless legs 
in soaring split sarong and skimpy leotard as she hits the shops 
in St Tropez.

Pictured: The moment Cristiano Ronaldo's superyacht is boarded by 
armed customs officers as the footballer sunbathed on the deck 
with his girlfriend.

Kimberley Garner flashes a hint of cleavage in key-hole playsuit 
as she enjoys a shopping spree on sun-kissed St. Tropez getaway.

Jennifer Lawrence 'not pretty enough' to play Sharon Tate in 
Tarantino movie about Manson Family murders, slain actress's 
sister says.

Kelsey Grammer, 62, discusses battling his demons, his fourth 
marriage to wife Kayte Walsh, 35, and the role that's always 
eluded him.

'He is the worst liar!': Love Island fans claim Mike 'basically 
admitted' he DID sleep with Jess Shears... as he insists they 
would be together if it wasn't for Dom Lever.

Kimberley Garner flaunts her peachy posterior in a purple thong 
bikini as she tops up her tan in St Tropez.

Singin' in the rain! Hailee Steinfeld wears crop top as she 
powers through bad weather for morning show performance.

'You fell in love with me when you were TWO years old': Court 
docs reveal full catalogue of Kendall Jenner's emotional abuse at 
the hands of stalker.

The smile that says I did it! Reese Witherspoon beams as she's 
seen for first time since being Emmy nominated for Big Little 
Lies.

Good jeans! Makeup free Heidi Klum flashes her flat midriff in 
low rise denim with cropped hoodie in NYC.

Just paw-fect! Amy Schumer finds new love with a fluffy black 
puppy as she carries the cutie through New York's Central Park.

Taking the lunge! Iskra Lawrence sizzles in low-cut bralet and 
figure-hugging leggings as she films workout video in NYC.

Tummy pride! Body confidence advocate Demi Lovato shows off her 
fit midsection as she plugs new song Sorry Not Sorry.

'I trusted him, I loved him, and he filmed us having sex': Mischa 
Barton's first interview since ex threatened her with revenge 
porn.

Camera-shy Brooklyn Beckham, 18, cuts a tired figure a during 
night of partying at the Chateau Marmont.

Steal Letizia's style! How to bag the Spanish Queen's achingly 
chic £9,000 UK wardrobe for a fraction of the price (including 
THAT red dress).

Tree-mendous work! Green-fingered Kelly Brook wears a TINY animal 
print bikini as she waters her plants in a funny throwback video.

Beyoncé's gender-bender baby reveal dress is from a MEN's 
clothing line - and she had it custom-ordered before she was even 
pregnant.

Jennifer Lopez 'hired private detective to follow around beau 
Alex Rodriguez...after report of baseball star's former alleged 
mistress'.

TOWIE's Carol Wright, 56, flaunts her incredible bikini body on 
the beach in Mallorca... as son Mark is embroiled in bitter feud 
with ex Lauren Goodger.

Amazon handed Jeremy Clarkson, James May and Richard Hammond 
£35.8million to make the Grand Tour, accounts reveal.

Party girl pal Daisy Lowe, 28, 'blamed for helping Louise 
Redknapp, 42, "rediscover youth"'... as 19-year marriage is 
rocked by Strictly curse.

Busty Daisy Lowe wears a huge smile as she steps out amid claims 
she helped Louise Redknapp get her 'mojo' back in split from 
husband Jamie.

'Clearly loving life!': Pregnant Ferne McCann dances playfully in 
a skimpy white bikini and coral sarong during sun-soaked holiday.

'Always loved, never forgotten, forever missed': Kate Wright pays 
tribute to boyfriend Rio Ferdinand 'devoted' mother following her 
death from cancer.

Trespasser arrested at Drake's $8m Hidden Hills mansion after 
HIKING up steep hill to meet the rapper... but the star was not 
at home.

Look away, Orlando! Giggly Katy Perry cosies up to a handsome 
mystery man as they dance and flirt up a storm in club during her 
exotic Italian holiday.

EXCLUSIVE: Sofia Vergara says she has PROOF her ex fiancé's 
shouldn't have custody of their embryos or be allowed to have a 
surrogate to carry them.

Makeup free Selma Blair looks stylish in her riding apparel for 
shopping outing with her son Arthur, five.

Hey, what about me? Gigi's ex Cody Simpson shows off his buff 
body during jog in California... after Hadid posed with Zayn 
Malik for Vogue.

'Christopher Nolan is scarier than Simon!' Harry Styles compares 
film career to X Factor as he reveals his nerves at making 
high-profile acting debut in Dunkirk .

Make-up free Ashley Tisdale looks pretty in pink after working up 
a sweat at gym.

Egging her on! Fearne Cotton whisks up scrutiny from viewers when 
she appears to under-cook a blueberry omelette during a culinary 
segment.

'I live with tragedy every day': Kelsey Grammer, 62, discusses 
his battle with substance abuse after losing FOUR family members 
in horrific circumstances.

Acid attack victim Katie Piper describes the 'life sentence' she 
is serving after undergoing 250 operations to repair her face in 
heartfelt plea for tougher sentencing .

Timeless beauty Rachel Weisz, 47, looks flawless in floral maxi 
dress as husband Daniel Craig joins her for opening night of 
Hamlet in New York.

Alan Thicke's widow Tanya Callau 'demands judge throw out legal 
papers submitted by son-in-law Robin which block her from 
challenging prenup'.

Game, set and (the perfect) match! Ethereal Katherine Jenkins 
puts on a loved-up display with husband Andrew Levitas... as they 
arrive at Wimbledon.

Easy cowgirl! Bella Thorne flaunts flame red locks and toned 
midriff as she dons stetson and cowboy boots for album launch in 
Los Angeles.

EXCLUSIVE 'He had an extensive porno collection': First look at 
new Kanye doc tracing the rapper's early years in Chicago and 
bitter feud with Jay-Z.

She's a long way from the Dales: Ex Emmerdale star Roxanne 
Pallett shows off her incredible abs in lilac bikini poolside in 
Mykonos .

Alexander Skarsgard and Alexa Chung have split after two years 
together... as he 'meets Leo DiCaprio's ex Toni Garrn for an 
unsuccessful blind date'.

Jane Bond! Blake Lively signs on for 'female-driven' spy thriller 
The Rhythm Section with Skyfall producer Barbara Broccoli.

Pregnant Danielle Bux steps out with her ex-husband Gary Lineker 
as she showcases her HUGE baby bump in a flattering patterned 
dress.

'It was depressing': Shania Twain reveals secret battle with Lyme 
disease that almost cost singing career... after ex-husband's 
betrayal with her best friend.

'I'll probably never have my pre-baby body again - and that's 
OK': Rebekah Vardy bravely shows how pregnancy and birth has 
changed her figure.

Helen Flanagan puts her pins on parade in a checked miniskirt as 
she indulges in some retail therapy in Manchester.

Sienna Miller stuns in whimsical black frock draped with gold 
chains as she hits the town in London amid Brad Pitt romance 
rumours.

'Can't wait to meet my angel': Pregnant Missé Beqiri showcases 
her blossoming bump as she shares loved-up snaps on babymoon with 
Jake Hall.

Adiós for now! Her Majesty waves off Spain's Queen Letizia and 
King Felipe VI as they depart Buckingham Palace on the last day 
of their first UK state visit.

Kourtney Kardashian looks summery in white crop top as she slurps 
ice-cream with her kids ... after Kim is slammed for dressing 
daughter in a 'corset dress'.

So that's where she gets it from! Bikini-clad Kris Jenner, 61, 
shows off a peachy derriere to rival daughter Kim Kardashian's as 
she boards a boat in Nice.

'Wearing your GF's T-shirt does not make you gender fluid': Vogue 
blasted on Twitter after cover story on Zayn Malik and Gigi Hadid 
swapping clothes.

The look of (new) love! Braless Nina Dobrev wows in houndstooth 
print suit as she steps out for dinner with Jessica Szohr in West 
Hollywood.

'She's the ideal person to dress!' Nicole Kidman's costume 
designer on The Beguiled praises the actress' 'incredible body'.

Melanie Sykes shows her support for the addition of same sex 
couples to Blind Date... as she credits the 'iconic' series and 
its new host Paul O'Grady.

'We all have good and bad angles': Bralet-clad Ashley James shows 
off her incredible figure in a series of poses as she promotes 
body confidence.

Legs for days! Katie Holmes pairs skinny jeans with a hat and a 
colorful knit for her flight out of Montreal.

All loved up! Gavin Rossdale, 51, holds hands with new girlfriend 
Sophie Thomalla, 27, while on a stroll in LA.

'We were basically male strippers in Blazin' Squad!' Annoyed 
Marcel sulks after Gabby's heart rate soars for Theo during Love 
Island challenge.

Love Island's Chris Hughes is lauded by mental health charity for 
showing emotions... as fans call Olivia 'callous' for blaming 
unpopularity on his tears.

Kate's 'kob' steals the show: Duchess shows off glossy hairstyle 
at the Natural History Museum as Sir David Attenborough unveils 
blue whale skeleton .

Butterflies for the birthday girl! Princess Victoria of Sweden 
dons a pink frock with fluttering details as she marks her 40th 
with a thanksgiving service.

EXCLUSIVE: 'It's not as I planned': Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde 
REFUSES to rule out reuniting with ex Nathan despite him saying 
they won't get back together.

Catherine Tyldesley unveils dramatic new brunette locks as she 
steps out with the rest of the Corrie cast for swish hotel launch 
in Manchester.

Rita Ora flaunts her cleavage in a skintight top as she rocks 
silky silver pyjama-style co-ords for dinner in LA... after 
admitting she is 'always looking for love'.

'Early menopause at 35 has hardly been fun': Michelle Heaton 
opens up about battling depression after cancer-preventing 
surgery.

Hungry work! Beyonce makes first public appearance since giving 
birth to twins on dinner date with husband Jay Z.

Star in stripes! Karolina Kurkova goes bra free underneath a 
plunging suit jacket at Hamptons Magazine party.

Serena Williams dances in form-fitting maternity dress with baby 
bump to 2006 hip hop song Poppin' My Collar.

Busty Daisy Lowe is every inch the sex kitten as she slips into 
lingerie-style mini while posing in a BED and BATH at quirky 
party.

'This is lingerie!' Stunned Rebekah Vardy weighs in on 
four-year-old North West's shock 'corset' dress... as she SLAMS 
Kim Kardashian for making 'adult' choice.

Tom Hardy is overshadowed by glamorous wife Charlotte Riley in 
plunging top as they attend Dunkirk premiere.

Harry's Hollywood moment! Singer Styles joins movie giants Tom 
Hardy and Cillian Murphy for London premiere of Christopher 
Nolan's Dunkirk.

Lily James set 'to play younger version of Meryl Streep's 
character Donna' in upcoming Mamma Mia! sequel.

Harry Styles skips Dunkirk bash to party with pals... after 
teasing acting retirement as he jokes about 'peaking too soon' 
with first major film role.

Under my umbrella! Ansel Elgort shares a smooch with girlfriend 
Violetta Komyshan on rainy hotel rooftop in New Zealand.

Daring to bare! Olivia Munn shows off legs and cleavage in silky 
shorts and plunging halter top as she heads to dinner in LA.

Proud father Jeremy Clarkson is joined by ex-wife Frances Cain as 
daughter Emily launches candid first book... after revealing her 
weight battle.

'The most ever!' Lady Gaga celebrates record six Emmy nominations 
for her Super Bowl halftime show.

'Glow!': Sun-kissed Bella Hadid emerges from a pool in sexy 
Instagram snap shared from her Greek vacation.

'It makes incredibly compelling TV': ITV set for a '£1BILLION 
paycheck by selling the very raunchy format of their summer 
smash-hit series Love Island'.

Ear chandeliers! Sofia Vergara rocks massive earrings and black 
strapless maxi dress for dinner in West Hollywood.

No wonder she's got admirers! Love Island's Tyla Carr sets pulses 
racing in pink thong bikini... while Mike and Sam make a play for 
her affections.

'I might feed her a bit of s***!' Love Island's Mike plots 'sweet 
revenge' on Olivia as he sets his sights on Tyla and Georgia... 
and denies a romp with Jess AGAIN.

'I love and adore you and won't be pitted against you': Sharon 
Stone forgives Madonna after the pop star called her 'horribly 
mediocre' in scathing letter.

Madonna blasts Whitney Houston and Sharon Stone as 'horribly 
mediocre' in self-pitying 90s letter and compares herself to 
black musicians.

Berry Berry nice! Halle shows off her legs in black cape-like 
mini dress and strappy sandals at LA event.

Khloe Kardashian and beau Tristan Thompson enjoy a workout and 
lunch after night partying at home with disgraced brother Rob.

Feeling nippy? Lily-Rose Depp leaves little to the imagination in 
a pink tank top at LAX airport.

Disneyland Paris! Chris Zylka gets HUGE tattoo of girlfriend 
Hilton's name in Walt's famous font.

Golden girls! Gabby Douglas stuns in shiny two-piece as Simone 
Biles and Aly Raisman team up at Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Sports 
Awards.

Showing Ben what he's missing? Fresh-faced Jennifer Garner shows 
off lithe legs in  clinging black leggings while leaving LA gym.

Come on, Vogue: Anna Wintour is caught on video twerking to 
'Teenage Dream' during Katy Perry performance at the 2017 Met 
Ball.

Top of the crops! Bella Thorne flashes her midriff in tiny tank 
top ahead of photoshoot.

Michael Phelps is joined by gorgeous wife Nicole Johnson at 
Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Sports Awards... before getting 
splattered with gold slime.

Pretty in pink! Skier Lindsey Vonn flashes lacy bra in sheer tank 
top as she leads the stars at Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Sports 
Awards.

DMX 'facing up to 44 years in prison after being charged with tax 
evasion for concealing income from the IRS'.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Not so much fun without naked Orlando? 
Bikini-clad Katy Perry recreates THAT nude paddleboarding alone.

'I could not be happier': Terminator star Thomas Dekker comes out 
as gay and reveals that he is married.

How Phil Collins' divorce drove daughter to anorexia... and why, 
years later, she's made herself lose 20lbs for movie about eating 
disorders.

Not so fast! Spider-Man co-stars Zendaya and Tom Holland laugh 
off dating rumors on Twitter.

'My husband thinks I'm hot!' Pregnant Kimberley Wyatt shows off 
her bare baby bump in stunning bikini shot... as she counts down 
weeks till due date.

PixieLott dresses down in T-shirt for food festival... hours 
after her glittering silver jumpsuit threatened to upstage the 
talent at The Voice Kids finale.

A Daisy Duke kind of day! Blac Chyna wears ripped shorts in 
Beverly Hills as it's claimed she's getting $10K for hosting 
strip club after Rob scandal.

'Love you more': Lea Michele shares touching tribute to Cory 
Monteith on four year anniversary of his death.

Justin time! Timberlake rushes over to help a woman struck down 
by a rogue ball during a celebrity golf tournament.

'I want him': Kate Upton and Alexandra Daddario engage in 
swimsuit competition in trailer for The Layover.

'We're dis-inviting you': Caitlyn Jenner dons red skirt while 
leaving The View... after revealing she was snubbed by an LGBT 
camp for kids.

Golden girl: Jada Pinkett Smith steps out in a long metallic gown 
for the LA premiere of Girls Trip.

Wonder Woman too! Lynda Carter 'absolutely' wants to star 
opposite Gal Gadot in DC superheroine sequel... after missing out 
on the first one.

Fabulous in floral! Miranda Kerr cuts a demure figure at Sephora 
event as she celebrates her Kora Organics brand being sold by the 
chain.

White hot! Victoria's Secret model Georgia Fowler flaunts her 
holiday tan in sizzling white swimsuit .

For-Eva hot! Longoria displays her bronzed and shapely curves in 
a striped thong swimsuit as she enjoys a beach day in Marbella.

Braless Jess Shears risks baring all as she joins beau Dom 
Lever... as Mike Thalassitis is probed over romp rumours during 
Love Island return.

Planning for the wedding? Miley Cyrus enjoys a cozy lunch with 
her mom and sister Brandi at celebrity hotspot.

Gooey for her! Marvin Humes puts on besotted display with red-hot 
wife Rochelle as she turns heads in a strapless jumpsuit at 
dessert food fest.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: If you've got it! Kim Kardashian puts her 
gym-honed figure on display in crop top and sporty sweatpants.

Now THAT'S how you curtsy! Princess Anne provides a warm welcome 
as she hosts guests of honour Queen Letizia and King Felipe at a 
banquet in London.

Wrinkles be gone! Dennis Quaid, 63, wears moisturizing facemask 
while enjoying pamper session with girlfriend half his age.

Queen B on top! Beyonce named biggest money maker of 2016 thanks 
to massive touring revenue and album sales.

New hair don't care! Riley Keough shows off new brunette locks 
after ditching fiery red tresses as she strolls through LAX with 
hubby.

Blac Chyna documents grueling workout on Snapchat after ex Rob 
Kardashian revealed her secret weight-loss surgery.

Paris Jackson, 19, looks tired as she hits the gym while still 
wearing a 21+ bracelet after a night out at the Roxy in Hollywood 
.

Keeping it casual: Lily James arrives in Melbourne make-up free 
and in overalls while Baby Driver co-star Ansel Elgort is 
escorted by girlfriend.

After Eddie the Eagle, Taron's the Rocketman: How Kingsman star 
is in talks to play Sir Elton John in a new film.

F-ab-ulous! Olivia Munn gives a sneak peek of her six pack in 
Canada after a table read for her new role.

She's got the X Factor! Dermot O'Leary puts on a proud display as 
wife Dee Koppang steals the show in Gothic inspired semi-sheer 
gown at the Dunkirk World Premiere.

'I hope he's doing well!' Lindsay Vonn reveals she has reached 
out to ex Tiger Woods after troubled golfer's DUI arrest.

Millie Mackintosh shows off her endless legs in a thigh-skimming 
leather mini skirt as she enjoys rooftop party.

Winnie Harlow pairs a leotard with see-through graffiti trousers 
at Jaguar launch... as she returns to the red carpet after 
'fat-shaming' incident.

Sophie Turner dresses down in bright designer hoodie and 
co-ordinating backpack at LA airport... one day after glamorous 
turn at Game Of Thrones Season 7 premiere.

Isn't this the children's final? Braless Pixie Lott upstages the 
contestants in VERY racy sheer catsuit as she leads the judges at 
The Voice Kids final.

The Greatest Apes: Dazzlingly real, these noble beasts' righteous 
war shows just how brutal and inhuman man can be .

Rio Ferdinand and brother Anton heartbroken after death of their 
'devoted' mother from cancer at 58.

Louise Redknapp looks glum as she leaves Mallorca following 
'split' from husband Jamie... (but she continues to wear her 
wedding ring).

'It's not about gender': Gigi Hadid poses with boyfriend Zayn 
Malik for Vogue as they talk stealing clothes from each other's 
closets.

'Dreamy girl!': Taylor Swift returns to Instagram after two-month 
break to praise Selena Gomez's new sultry song Fetish.

Phillip Schofield is aghast as Love Island's Tyne-Lexy exposes 
her boob during swimsuit segment... as show's Iain Stirling 
shocks with inappropriate comment.

'I was terrified it ruined my chances of having kids': Lily 
Collins is seen grabbing coffee  as she reveals how her period 
stopped for TWO YEARS as a result of anorexia.

Pregnant Missé Beqiri displays her blossoming bump in a low-cut 
swimsuit as she packs on the PDA with Jake Hall on romantic 
babymoon.

Rhian Sugden looks ace as she squeezes curves into a tiny crop 
top and puts washboard abs on display during impromptu game of 
tennis.

Traffic stopping curves! Iskra Lawrence looks naturally gorgeous 
in Bardot top and tight jeans during video shoot in NYC.

SPOILER ALERT: 'In the weeks since you left, it's been hard': 
Love Island's Olivia hints MIKE was the reason behind her split 
from Chris.

'Absolutely disgusting from two grown men!': Furious Kerry Katona 
SLAMS 'vile' neighbours who brand her a 'low-life' and claim 22 
police cars crowded their street .

When Harry met Harry! The prince meets singer along with a host 
of WW2 veterans and Hollywood stars for the world premiere of the 
film 'Dunkirk' in London .

EXCLUSIVE: Mark Wright's secret TV debut unveiled... former TOWIE 
star first graced our screens aged just 12 in a VERY 
controversial scene.

That's hot! Pop singer FEMME attends world premiere of the Jaguar 
E-PACE as it leaps into the Record books with barrel roll stunt.

Throwing themselves into character! Katie Holmes beams as she 
wraps up in scarf and sweater while filming The Gift opposite 
Patrick Stewart.

'Nothing to wear!' Victoria's Secret Angel Elsa Hosk strips off 
for completely NAKED racy selfie... as she uses a towel to cover 
her modesty.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Love Island's Jess sizzles in selection of 
skimpy leotards as she and shirtless beau Dom Lever get hot and 
heavy in steamy fashion shoot.

'Corker in Mallorca': Vicky Pattison displays her eye-popping 
cleavage in a pink boob tube and matching choker as she suns 
herself in Spain.

Is Jordan back? Katie Price performs strip tease and gets TOTALLY 
NAKED in her dressing room at ITV ahead of Loose Women appearance.

Breezy does it! Kirsten Dunst seems oblivious as the wind blows 
up her dress to reveal her underwear.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ellen Page kisses dancer Emma Portner after 
Emmy nomination for her Gaycation series.

'I felt sexualized': Miley Cyrus admits her raunchy phase 
backfired as she adds 'now everyone has their boobs and ass out'.

'To say it took a lot of balls is an under estimation': The boys 
of Love Island set to get viewers' pulses racing as they perform 
steamy strip tease.

SPOILER ALERT: BB'S Sam Chaloner incurs wrath of housemates as 
Isabelle Warburton selflessly saves him and puts herself forward 
for public vote.

Kourtney Kardashian shares holiday album featuring her three kids 
while on vacation in Nantucket with ex Scott Disick.

Sizzling Joan Smalls drives her Instagram followers wild as she 
flaunts her envy-inducing figure in skimpy bikinis during 
Maldives getaway.

Oh mama! Angelina Jolie goes bra-free in skimpy tank top as her 
daughter Shiloh shows off a skater buzz cut during trip to toy 
store.

Fitness fanatic Davina McCall, 49, flaunts her washboard abs in a 
navy bikini as she continues gruelling workout regime on holiday.

'I'm seeing cracks in friendships': Love Island's Gabby cuts ties 
with 'game player' Montana... after she boldly claims her and 
Marcel will be voted off.

Fan approved! Kylie Jenner's Instagram followers go wild when she 
poses in alluring white dress as she gets ONE MILLION likes in an 
hour.

Bra-clad Chloe Sims CONFIRMS romance with Abz Love with 
smouldering bed selfie... after his ex-girlfriend warns her of 
'cheating' star.

Love Island's Jamie Jewitt sends social media into meltdown as 
his entire manhood is shown in leaked snap from raunchy stripping 
challenge.

Love Island's Tyla Carr looks almost unrecognisable in sweet 
throwback snap of her visiting the EastEnders set with her family.

Pregnant Jessica Alba flashes her growing baby bump in cheetah 
print bikini as she enjoys sun-soaked Hawaiian holiday.

And then a hero comes along! Mariah Carey delights fans with an 
energetic display in Las Vegas residency... hours after fans 
savage her 'shambolic' moves.

'Dude Looks Like A Lady!' Caitlyn Jenner angers some in 
transgender community after revealing her love for Aerosmith song.

Moving in together? Khloe Kardashian wears figure-hugging 
ensemble as she goes house-hunting in Bel-Air with NBA beau 
Tristan Thompson.

Perfect pair! Jennifer Aniston wears revealing slinky white tank 
and ripped jeans while out with dressed-to-match hubby Justin 
Theroux.

'I was a drug dealer': Jada Pinkett Smith reveals her dark past 
while recalling her friendship with the late rapper Tupac .

Atomic Blonde! Charlize Theron stuns in plunging black mini dress 
as she joins James McAvoy in NYC for special screening of new 
movie.

'You're the biggest wind-up!' Stephen Bear leaves fans 
unconvinced after claiming he's SPLIT from Charlotte Crosby 
during lads' holiday.

Joanna Krupa mends her broken heart  in Greece after admitting 
she 'blindsided' when Romain Zago asked for a divorce because he 
wants kids .

Love Island's Dom Lever mercilessly mocked by fans for bizarrely 
claiming he's travelling alone... with another commuter in clear 
sight.

'I didn't expect to come out with someone I like': Sam and 
Georgia tease at future romance as they become the next couple to 
be dumped from Love Island.

'We would have lost the plot if we hadn't had Louis!' Niall Horan 
gushes about Tomlinson after he admitted he had crippling 
insecurity as he struggled to find his place in One Direction.

Elizabeth Hurley, 52, flaunts her peachy posterior as she dons 
just a skimpy thong to pose topless in another sultry snap.

'The BBC are big fans of his': Kris Marshall 'is tipped to play 
Doctor Who's assistant'... after narrowly missing out on role of 
Time Lord to Jodie Whittaker.

Bikini-clad Lupita Nyong'o shows off her incredible figure as she 
floats on raft in Chunyaxche Lagoon during lavish Mexican 
vacation.

'I shut off and don't post to social media': Model Karlie Kloss 
reveals her coping mechanisms when physically and mentally spent 
as she graces the cover of InStyle Australia.

'It was a very lavish, romantic and star-studded affair': Stevie 
Wonder, 67, 'marries third wife Tomeeka Bracy, 42, in romantic 
ceremony'.

'We're excited': Vicky Pattison's grandparents reveal she is set 
to wed on their 65th wedding anniversary next year... following 
engagement to John Noble.

'I want sugar and lots of it': Robbie Williams discusses living 
with rare disorder that sees him eat in his SLEEP without him 
realising .

Boho babe Paris Jackson flashes her toned midriff in cropped logo 
tee and thigh-skimming floral shorts as she treats herself to an 
iced coffee in NYC.

Ab-solutely ripped! Nina Dobrev shows off toned tum in black 
cropped top while carrying her pup for flight out of LAX.

The look of love! Zoe Saldana giggles as she shares intimate 
moment with husband Marco Perego as they enjoy shopping spree.

Smiling to the end! Jennifer Garner puts on a cheerful display in 
LA as ex Ben Affleck is spotted cavorting with new girlfriend 
Lindsay Shookus in NYC.

Hugh Jackman cuts a smart figure in a tailored ensemble as he 
arrives at Melbourne Airport with wife Deborra-Lee Furness and 
their children Oscar and Ava .

Elisabeth Moss reveals she 'doesn't really give a s***' about 
anyone who doesn't believe in women's rights.

Suki Waterhouse, 25, and rumoured boyfriend Diego Luna, 37, can't 
contain their giggles as they enjoy very cosy stroll around NYC.

'My ride or die': Behati Prinsloo pays bizarre tribute to Adam 
Levine as she toasts 'three years strong' marriage.

That'll get them talking! Kim Kardashian leaves little to the 
imagination in sheer tank top as she steps out in curve-hugging 
trousers.

Naomie Harris claims 'grounding' your energy and going barefoot 
after a long flight can CURE jet lag... but doctors blast the 
idea as 'daft'.

Bondage babe! Nicki Minaj dances in pink PVC lingerie and harness 
to promote new single Rack It Up.

Duchess of Cambridge stuns in an off-the-shoulder scarlet gown as 
she joins William at a Berlin garden party to celebrate the 
Queen's birthday.

No apologies! Demi Lovato flaunts curves in plunging bodysuit for 
Sorry Not Sorry video featuring Paris Hilton and Jamie Foxx.

'Every penny counts': Mayim Bialik reveals she still cashes her 
TWO CENT royalty checks from her one episode of Doogie Howser.

'It's a problem when your children are 20 and you've still got 
your baby weight': Emma Forbes, 52, admits she didn't recognise 
herself in bikini pap shots.

Kim Kardashian is the youngest person on Forbes top-earning TV 
celebrities of 2017 list as the reality star takes in almost $50m 
to land at number 8.

Gotta get him out my hair! 'Newly-single' Lottie Moss debuts 
candyfloss tresses... for night out with pals amid 'split' from 
'cheating' Alex Mytton.

Madame Tussauds accused of 'whitewashing' Beyonce's wax figure... 
as fans compare it to Mariah Carey, Taylor Swift, and Lindsay 
Lohan.

Honeymoon is over! Jessica Chastain rocks pajama suit as she 
returns to LA with new husband Gian Luca Passi de Preposulo after 
wedding.

The mane attraction! Sia ditches trademark wig again and proudly 
shows her face as she works on new project with Kate Hudson.

White hot! Martha Hunt sizzles as she flaunts her fabulous figure 
in skimpy bikini on the beach as she poses for Victoria's Secret 
photo shoot.

Love Island's Chloe Crowhurst FINALLY reveals how Camilla Thurlow 
maintains her long, fluttering eyelashes in the house.

Stop cooking, Nigella and Gordon! You'll never beat this Tudor 
treat: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV .

Freud and friends cause outrage by horsing around on Shetland 
ponies that are only suitable for children .

'He told me to get a life': Mike Thalassitis' ex Robyn Delabarre 
brands star a womaniser... after he offered her the same romantic 
trip to Paris as Tyla Carr on Love Island.

CBS unveils three new cast members for Hawaii Five-0 after losing 
Daniel Dae Kim and Grace Park over failed wage negotiations.

SPOILER ALERT: 'He's got his father's eyes': Chris comes over all 
broody during Love Island baby care challenge... but Olivia isn't 
feeling maternal.

She's a real beach babe! Jessica Alba shows off hint of bump 
during Hawaiian holiday with family...right as she announces 
pregnancy.

Me time! Megan Fox keeps it casual as she picks up beauty 
supplies while enjoying retail therapy trip without her three 
kids.

Game Of Thrones fans brace for showdown between Jon Snow and 
Littlefinger over Sansa as HBO releases sneak peek of episode two 
.

Pregnant Whitney Port goes make-up free and looks ready to pop in 
sleeveless top and leggings after installing new nursery.

Kit Harington snaps up impressive £1.75million home in the 
English countryside with Game Of Thrones co-star and long-term 
love Rose Leslie.

Long night? Make-up free Bella Thorne, 19, looks exhausted after 
keeping up with wild Scott Disick, 34,  for second night in a row.

'It was really scary': Chloe Ferry reveals on/off beau Sam Scott 
nearly DIED during steamy EOTB romp after he suffered an asthma 
attack.

Olivia Wilde says she is HONOURED after Jennifer Lawrence 
'vomits' during her Broadway production  of George Orwell's 1984.

Braless Kimberley Garner shows off her endless legs and perky 
assets while playing third wheel... as Kelly Brook gets steamy 
with Jeremy Parisi in France.

BBC's male stars defend their salaries as 'LOW compared to what 
they could be getting' - but female colleagues complain they're 
not earning over £150,000 .

He's writing a $10m tell-all! Lamar Odom admits he's working on 
book as it's claimed he will spill on Kim Kardashian's 'secret 
splits' from Kanye.

Kylie Jenner takes a walk on the wild side in leopard print bra 
and tiny metallic mini skirt.

It takes two to tan(go)! Lucy Mecklenburgh puts on a leggy 
display in tiny denim shorts as she arrives for a girly getaway 
in Ibiza with unlikely pal Pixie Lott.

'Why the hell would I worry?': Ed Sheeran hits out at trolls as 
he insists fan backlash to Game Of Thrones cameo didn't make him 
quit Twitter.

He scrubs up well! Prince Harry looks dapper as he meets 
Falklands veterans at black tie charity dinner in London.

Tyga's ex Demi Rose squeezes her curves into a khaki thong bikini 
as she cuddles up to DJ Tom Zanetti during a sun-soaked yacht day 
in Formentera.

Love with a cherry on top! Smitten Amber Rose flaunts hourglass 
curves in midriff baring outfit on trip with younger beau 21 
Savage .

How can Chris Evans be on more than me? Gary Lineker's jokey 
response at only being the BBC's second highest paid star .

Love Island's Jess Shears stuns in a thigh-skimming silk 
minidress as she puckers up to smitten boyfriend Dom Lever in 
Ibiza.

SPOILER ALERT: Big Brother's Chanelle and Isabelle passionately 
kiss while Kieran sucks on Andrew's toes during steamy spin the 
bottle... after prize money battle.

'There's too much animosity': Aaron Carter cries as he talks 
damaged relationship with brother Nick after saying he's 'broken' 
from DUI arrest.

She's NOT shy! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi 
flaunts tiny waist in tight black frock at hair salon in Chicago.

'The lie detector test is about as real as my new teeth': Former 
Love Island stars jump to the defence of this year's hopefuls as 
they claim the challenge is FAKE.

'TBT to when I dressed as a Minion': Caroline Flack pokes fun at 
her fashion sense during Love Island's first series... ahead of 
this year's final .

Pregnant Katie Piper shows off her bump in a stylish floral 
pyjama ensemble as she runs errands in Essex.

Pregnant Princess Sofia of Sweden is unrecognisable in a t-shirt 
and cap at a charity football day (until she places a protective 
hand on her bump).

Bella Thorne, 19, wears bikini top on dinner date with Scott 
Disick, 34, as they spend second night in a row together in New 
York City.

Celine Dion continues her chic streak in Paris as she steps out 
of her hotel in a head-turning silver sequinned jumpsuit.

Sheer delight! Charlize Theron flashes her lacy bra in flimsy 
sheer tank top as she promotes Atomic Blonde in Hollywood.

'I'm just moving on': Gogglebox favourite Sandra Martin confirms 
she has quit the Channel 4 show... after the departure of her 
co-star Sandi Bogle.

Celebrity trainer secrets: Personal trainer to Game Of Thrones 
star Emilia Clarke reveals how to do her 'clean and lean' workout 
.

'Ich heisse Catherine': Kate practices her German with the locals 
- after apologising to Chancellor Angela Merkel for not speaking 
the language.

'I haven't been back to Hoboken shop since she died': Grieving 
Cake Boss Buddy Valastro reflects on losing his mother to ALS.

Farewell scene? Idris Elba and Kate Winslet warmly embrace as 
they film new movie The Mountain Between Us on London street... 
after tense shoot in Canada.

Doting dad Peter Andre revels in quality time with children 
Princess, 10, and Junior, 12, as they enjoy family lunch during 
sun-soaked Cyprus break.

'I'm glad to be relieved of him': Blac Chyna says Rob Kardashian 
'stressed' her out, gives her NO money and has yet to return her 
$100K Range Rover.

'I cried, I couldn't eat, I probably lost about 7 pounds': Joanna 
Krupa says she was blindsided when Romain Zago asked for a 
divorce.

Amal Clooney wears floaty yellow dress as she holds hands with 
husband George on date night in Lake Como as they enjoy first 
holiday since twins were born.

Heaven sent! Romee Strijd looks white hot as she rings in her 
22nd birthday with fellow VS Angels Martha Hunt and Sara Sampaio.

SPOILER ALERT 'I hate confrontation': Gabby sobs while Montana 
questions her over THAT text... as tensions reach boiling point 
with Love Island girls.

Playboy bunny Bryana Holly sends temperatures soaring in saucy 
keyhole bra and barely-there caged thong bottoms for lingerie 
campaign.

'I probably won't survive': Abby Lee Miller, 50, expressed 
anxiety about 366-day prison term during The View sit-down taped 
before she checked in.

EXCLUSIVE: Back to court! Larsa Pippen is fighting charges of 
speeding, no proof of insurance and overly tinted windows on her 
Land Rover .

Little(r) and large(r): Pregnant Ferne McCann shows off her baby 
bump as she steps out in Essex with newly-slim James Argent.

Where's Vanessa? Nick Viall enjoys one-on-one lunch with Bachelor 
in Paradise castmate Ashley Iaconetti.

Talking to your BFF? Happy Daisy Lowe looks deep in conversation 
as she steps out in chic pencil skirt after being blamed for 
Jamie and Louise Redknapp 'split' .

'Mum already has one': Ben Affleck recalls moment unimpressed 
daughter Violet, 11, poked fun when he said he was due to receive 
humanitarian award.

'She's a lazy brat!' Ex-boyfriend of Love Island's Olivia Attwood 
reveals she left him needing THERAPY... as he claims she 
'controlled his life' .

Celebrity Bin Brother! Imogen Thomas appears worlds away from her 
usual red carpet look as she takes the rubbish out with her hair 
in curlers.

Clocking up some air miles: Louise Thompson shows off her toned 
abs in very tiny red string bikini as she heads to her TENTH 
holiday destination of the year.

Grey's Anatomy star Kate Walsh puts her LA mansion- complete with 
own Pilates studio- on the market for $4.25 million... after 
letting it out for $15,000 a month.

Luis Fonsi track Despacito crowned most-streamed song of all 
time... as collaborator Justin Bieber celebrates beating his own 
record with night out.

Do I have to, Mummy? Sleepy Prince George rubs his eyes as the 
royals receive an official welcome in Berlin (while Charlotte is 
presented with a mini bouquet).

Her royal hugness! Kate receives a rapturous welcome from young 
fans as she and William dole out cuddles and high fives on a 
visit to a children's charity.

Up All Night? Louis Tomlinson looks a little sleepy as he 
continues on his gruelling promo tour for new single.

She gave her bikini a day off! Olivia Munn covers up in Makes 
Waves Gotcha top in Vancouver after modeling a swimsuit in Malibu.

'It's expensive to get divorced': Ola Jordan jokes about ending 
marriage to husband James... after he admits to looking at other 
women.

Windswept Geri Horner cuts a stylish figure in pastel pink biker 
jacket and skinny jeans as she steps out in London.

Natalie Portman is ravishing in boho-inspired red frock as she 
steals the show at Dior for Love event in Tokyo.

That's amore? Bikini-clad Lily Collins is joined by a hunky 
mystery man as she soaks up the sun in Italy .

Introducing him to the family already! Michelle Williams 
continues smitten display with handsome mystery man for dinner in 
Rome alongside Matilda, 11.

Jemma Lucy has her surgically-enhanced thong-clad derrière 
grabbed by Zaralena Jackson as EOTB co-stars strut their stuff in 
Portugal.

'Charlie from Casualty' actor Derek Thompson is BBC's 
highest-paid soap star on £400,000 as the rest of the show's cast 
are named Auntie's highest earning actors .

'It's good to see a nurse earning more than a doctor': Twitter 
erupts in support of Casualty's Charlie as the  star is announced 
as its highest paid actor.

Is that Strictly fair? BBC's flagship show's Craig Revel Horwood 
and Darcey Bussell earn £50,000 less than Bruno Tonioli on up to 
£250,000.

Awkward! BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker quips 'today's going to be 
fun' with his female colleagues as it's revealed only HE made the 
BBC's rich list.

'I accept your apology!' Caitlyn Jenner confronts Jimmy Kimmel 
over jokes cracked during her transition during talk show .

She's a fashionable flyer! Charlize Theron jets into New York in 
effortlessly stylish pink-and-black jacket and fedora hat.

That's not protocol! Enthusiastic dog gives Prince Charles a LICK 
on the forehead - as crowds jostle to welcome the royal and 
Camilla to Cornwall.

Sartorially savvy Hayley Hasselhoff looks smitten as she walks 
hand-in-hand with Holly Hagan's ex Kyle Christie for another cosy 
sighting in London.

Rooney Mara goes completely topless as she showers after 
passionately romping with co-star Ben Mendelsohn for upcoming 
drama Una.

A new beau! Lea Michele holds hands with fashion executive Zandy 
Reich in NYC... one week after four-year anniversary of Cory 
Monteith's death.

Coronation Street's Kym Marsh channels her inner Hilda Ogden as 
on Manchester set with her hair in rollers ahead of new scene 
with screen 'love interest' .

Braless Courtney Stodden displays her buxom bust in semi-sheer 
white crop top as she cuts a sombre figure in London.

Tearful Aaron Carter denies being under the influence after DUI 
arrest... and says his problems began after terrorist attacks on 
9/11.

Shirtless Richard Gere, 67, larks about on the beach in Italy on 
family holiday with his son Homer, 17, and glamorous girlfriend 
Alejandra Silva, 34.

'I just wanted a really beautiful, serene space': TV presenter 
Louise Roe opens the doors to her elegant new Hollywood Hills 
home in a stunning shoot.

Katherine Heigl strips off for racy new sex scene with co-star 
Steven Pasquale as troubled legal drama Doubt returns after 
abrupt cancellation.

Love Island's Olivia Attwood unrecognisable in throwback snap... 
as the star's sister lashes out at show bosses for putting her 
under a 'constant spotlight'.

'Hot felon' Jeremy Meeks enjoys a cigarette on the balcony of a 
luxury LA hotel... as new flame Chloe Green returns to Instagram 
with a besotted snap.

'It's a thing': Harry Styles CONFIRMS he has four nipples... 
before pointing out exactly where they are in flirty Chelsea 
Handler interview.

From TOWIE to Tennessee! Nervous Megan McKenna films debut 
country gig at iconic Nashville music venue where Taylor Swift 
was discovered.

Jeremy Clarkson's daughter Emily blocked out her famous father 
when penning about boys in new book... as it contains 'things he 
shouldn't know'.

Tamara Ecclestone looks effortlessly glamorous in a black bodycon 
dress and a denim jacket as she steps out with cute daughter 
Sophia.

Karlie Kloss displays her statuesque physique in striking black 
swimsuit as she hits Miami Beach ahead of her 25th birthday 
celebration.

'BBC you sexist pigs': Good Morning Britain host Piers Morgan 
blasts broadcaster as the gender pay gap between presenters is 
revealed.

Kris she for real? Momager Jenner, 61, flashes her bra as she 
seriously splashes the cash in Hermes with boyfriend Corey 
Gamble, 33.

Jennifer Aniston highlights svelte figure in T-shirt and ripped 
jeans for dinner date with Justin Theroux.

Ex-EastEnders actor Paul Nicholls 'seriously injured' in hospital 
after spending THREE DAYS trapped alone at the foot of a Thai 
waterfall after falling and smashing leg.

'Nobody wants to see that!' Michelle Heaton shocks with VERY 
graphic workout video... with fans insisting the 'close up' shot 
is a 'rude awakening' .

Bella Thorne flashes serious cleavage in raunchy lace bralet as 
she rocks daring grunge look in NYC... after denying she cheated 
on ex Tyler Posey.

Karrueche Tran shows off her rippling abs in bardot crop top and 
thigh-skimming mini skirt as she enjoys dinner date with her dad.

Gemma Oaten indulges in a spot of retail therapy in pin-flaunting 
shorts and eye-catching polka dot blouse with new beau Scott 
Walker .

EXCLUSIVE 'She broke up with HIM': Jamie Jewitt's family lash out 
at claims he 'dumped his girlfriend hours before going on Love 
Island'.

'It's a less magical era of monarchy': Baronet says Kate makes 
the Royal Family NORMAL in new documentary (and she makes its 
future stronger).

EXCLUSIVE: 'He used to eat me out of house, home and restaurant!' 
Elliott Wright heaps praise on close friend James Argent for 
lifestyle transformation.

Emily Ratajkowski showcases her stunning physique as she strips 
down to skimpy string bikini and chic sun hat at the beach.

Arsenal superstar Alexis Sanchez jets off for break with family 
as Arsene Wenger tells him to fire his side back into the 
Champions League.

'You need to stop!': Woman, 21, in R Kelly's 'sex cult' blasts 
her father as friends say it was HIM who encouraged her to move 
in with the singer.

Waste not want not! Queen Letizia of Spain recycles an old Hugo 
Boss top as she holds an adorable baby while visiting a monastery 
in Cantabria.

Governor-General breaks royal protocol by TOUCHING the Queen as 
she leaves Canada House after marking the 150th anniversary of 
the Confederation.

Kelly Brook flaunts her eye-popping assets in a plunging 
maxi-dress as she enjoys night out in St Tropez with beau Jeremy 
Parisi and pal Kimberley Garner.

'I made her FaceTime my family': Kylie Jenner unveils remarkably 
lifelike waxwork replica at Madame Tussauds and even Kardashians 
can't tell them apart.

Superhero love! Justin Timberlake gets a big hug from 'Bat Kid' 
who runs onto golf course during celebrity tournament in Lake 
Tahoe.

'It's been a long while': Blazin' Squad CONFIRM reunion alongside 
Love Island's Marcel Somerville as it's revealed they're going on 
tour.

Topless Naomi Watts slips off her sexy black negligée to romp 
with onscreen husband Billy Crudup in new drama Gypsy... as it 
emerges they are 'dating' .

Sparks are flying! Jordin frolics in the sea with handsome new 
beau Dana Isaiah during beach day in Hawaii... following romance 
with Jason DeRulo.

Braless Bianca Gascoigne displays serious cleavage in chic 
trouser suit... as she enjoys romantic date night with ex CJ 
Meeks after reconciliation.

It's The Osbornes! Proud Dan shares wedding picture with new wife 
Jacqueline Jossa, daughter Ella and son Teddy... after 'his ex 
BANNED photoshoots'.

'She can smell that 50k': Panicked Gabby finally professes her 
love for Marcel... but viewers insist she's 'full of s**t and 
just vying for the prize money.

Rita Ora and Diplo reignite romance rumours as they enjoy a night 
out in NYC... amid reports she 'is dating' Ronnie Wood's son 
Tyrone.

A star is born! Unseen photos of Meghan Markle as a budding 
actress in her school plays show she was always destined for fame.

Ben Affleck drops out of Netflix film to focus on 'wellness and 
family'... as he continues 'dating' SNL producer Linsday Shookus.

EXCLUSIVE 'She'll come back fighting': Giggly Stephanie Davis 
enjoys pamper day... as she puts 'horror' of Jeremy McConnell 
battle behind her.

EXCLUSIVE: Made In Chelsea: Ibiza reveals first look at the 
bikini-clad cast and E4 teases its most explosive, drama-filled 
summer series yet.

Eva Longoria, 42, shows off her sensational figure in a tiny 
bikini as she gives husband José Bastón an eyeful during blissful 
beach day in Marbella.

'His poor legs were buckling': The Kills' Alison Mosshart comes 
under fire from fans as she and her pals take turns sitting on a 
Shetland pony.

'There's nothing wrong with it!' Frustrated Susanna Reid 
defiantly admits she 'regularly cries' during heated debate with 
Piers Morgan about emotions.

'That's not what I meant at all': Andrew Garfield insists his 
controversial comment about being a 'gay man without the physical 
act' was taken out of context.

'I'm very happy': Cristiano Ronaldo CONFIRMS girlfriend Georgina 
Rodriguez is pregnant with his fourth child following months of 
speculation.

Silky Waterhouse! Model Suki looks effortlessly cool in plunging 
pink frock and trainers...as she flaunts her fashion prowess on 
the streets of NYC.

Got it, flaunt it! Charlotte McKinney shows off flat tummy and 
famous cleavage in red crop top and leggings.

Sophie Hunter displays her post-baby body in a little black dress 
as she's seen with husband Benedict Cumberbatch for their first 
time since welcoming a second son.

'I'm losing my temper with her': Love Island's Montana brands 
best friend Camilla 'draining' after the Scottish beauty admits 
she doesn't feel 'good enough' for Jamie.

'Try getting raped in a scene': Furious Evan Rachel Wood slams 
Ben Affleck for saying kissing a man 20 years ago was biggest 
acting challenge.

Gordon Ramsay shows off his bronzed glow as he enjoys family 
outing with children and wife at West Hollywood hotspot Catch LA.

Sheer for her sweetie! Jennifer Aniston goes bra-free in tank top 
for night out with Justin Theroux and their pals Jason Bateman 
and Will Arnett in NYC.

'Are you sure the building isn't burning down?!' Scarlett Moffatt 
sparks concern after admitting to ignoring hotel fire alarm as 
she is 'TOO TIRED' to evacuate.

Sending temperatures soaring! Pamela Anderson strips naked to 
flash the flesh underneath a sexy coat with thigh-high slit in St 
Tropez.

Lovely in lace! Victoria Secret Angels Sara Sampaio and Elsa Hosk 
flaunt ample assets to show off new bra collection in New York.

Harry Styles jazzes up his traditional suit with quirky red 
embroidery as he joins handsome Cillian Murphy at premiere for 
Dunkirk in NYC.

Sheesh bosses pledge allegiance to Mark Wright as he RETURNS to 
eatery for lobster dinner... after ex Lauren Goodger was 'kicked 
out  to make room for star'.

'A little love pat': Luann de Lesseps insists she didn't slap Tom 
D'Agostino Jr during alleged spat...and says they're having 'a 
lot of makeup sex'.

'Always creating magic': Jada Pinkett Smith gushes about husband 
Will's new role as The Genie on chat show.

Long distance love! Diane Kruger spotted Facetiming with beau 
Norman Reedus as they film projects thousands of miles apart.

Beautiful in blue! Amy Adams is summer chic in sleeveless floral 
mini dress as she is honored at Giffoni Film Festival in Italy.

Lily Cole flaunts her supermodel legs in tiny pinstripe shorts 
and a VERY cheeky motif T-shirt as she steps out after starring 
in West End play.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Where's Seal? Nick Jonas, 24, reunites with 
his ex-girlfriend Delta Goodrem, 32, at the gym in LA... five 
years after ending their relationship.

Trying to evade their fans? Little Mix go undercover in casual 
ensembles as they arrive in Perth for Australian tour.

Curves ahead! Amber Rose flaunts her sensational figure in fitted 
sweats and a crop top as she heads for a stroll in NYC with 
boyfriend 21 Savage.

Baby on board! Pregnant New Girl star Hannah Simone covers her 
bump in gray knit duster  on outing with hubby Jesse Giddings.

He's back! Ed Sheeran returns to Twitter after account 
disappeared following Game Of Thrones cameo.

Twice as nice! Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid wear bright red 
leather boots and long dresses as they pair up for Fendi campaign.

'He came into this with only lovely intentions': Game Of Thrones 
director defends Ed Sheeran's cameo after singer was mocked for 
'embarrassing' cameo.

She looks Vonn-derful! Lindsey takes the plunge in snow white 
trouser suit at SI Fashionable 50 Party.

Meryl Streep suits up on the NYC set of Steven Spielberg's The 
Papers also starring Tom Hanks.

She's got some front! Draya Michele flashes ample cleavage in 
metallic gown at Sports Illustrated Fashionable 50 party.

Marvel's Stan Lee, 94, all smiles at hand and footprint ceremony 
in Hollywood... in first public appearance since death of beloved 
wife Joan.

Beauty at the beach! Christina Milian risks wardrobe malfunction 
in tiny string bikini during Miami holiday.

Braless Lauren Goodger makes a statement in zigzag trousers... 
after her sultry dance moves leave social media followers 
cringing.

'He's not bad!' Ryan Seacrest scouts raw talent in NYC subway... 
as he nears lucrative American Idol deal.

Chantel Jeffries dons daring safety-pin skirt at SI bash... after 
hot dates with Matthew Noszka and Wilmer Valderrama.

'I have always loved her': Katy Perry reveals contentment after 
FINALLY ending three-year feud with Taylor Swift but admits 
'we've had our differences'.

She's out of this world! Busty Rihanna flaunts her sensational 
curves in a co-ord as she joins braless co-star Cara Delevingne 
at Valerian premiere in Paris.

Blondes have more fun! Reese Witherspoon, 41, bares cleavage in 
plunging black one-piece for boat ride with girlfriends in The 
Hamptons.

Love Island's Gabby confirms 'AMAZING' sex with Marcel... after 
revealing shock plans for boob job as she had 'smallest assets in 
the house'.

'Love it!' Cheryl makes a rare public display of emotion towards 
boyfriend Liam as she compliments his brand new shorter hairstyle.

Model behavior! Make-up free Bella Hadid showcases toned tummy as 
she shops in sports bra and leggings.

Every parent's guide to the best kids' TV on this summer (and how 
YOUR little one could create a new friend for PAW Patrol!).

'I'm happy with Jamie': Love Island runner-up Camilla confesses 
she's happy her romance with Prince Harry didn't work out... and 
is moving in with series BFF Gabby.

They should learn to li-lo! Love Island's Kem and Amber reveal a 
shocked Camilla caught them having sex under an INFLATABLE TURTLE 
during party .

'I knew he'd fancy her!' Love Island's Chris reveals his DAD eyed 
up girlfriend Olivia... as she admits fears Katie Price will 
'steal her man' .

Katie Price shows off the results of her first facelift on Loose 
Women... after lifting her sagging cheeks and jawline with £5,000 
procedure.

'I felt sick reading it': Emma Willis left stunned after making 
'horrific' discovery that she has murderous relative during 
episode of Who Do You Think You Are?.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Has Liz found love again? Actress Hurley beams 
as she's pictured for the first time with Yolanda Hadid's 
ex-husband David Foster.

'I got constant bullying from him!': Amber Rose claims Kanye West 
broke her heart, left her no money and almost caused her to 
commit suicide.

Nothing but net! Jessica Biel displays lithe legs in black body 
suit with sexy fishnet panels for appearance on Tonight Show.

'I sat in the car crying': Tamara Ecclestone reveals battle with 
parental separation anxiety as she recalls her daughter Sophia's 
first day at nursery.

In the Depp end! Actor Johnny smokes as he submerges himself 
underwater wearing a suit while filming  Richard Says Goodbye in 
Vancouver.

EXCLUSIVE: Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves is treating himself to 
TENTH nose job for his 34th birthday at cost of £22k... despite 
warning it could FALL OFF .

'Canny cactus you've got there!' TOWIE star Pete Wicks sends 
adoring fans into a frenzy as he cheekily positions plant for 
VERY saucy snap.

Hot wheels! Blac Chyna proudly displays bountiful curves in crop 
top while taking brand new Ferrari for spin around LA.

Playful Nicole Scherzinger, 39, gives a nod to Harry Styles, 23, 
with hilarious slogan tee... two years after THOSE 'secret fling' 
claims .

Still All By Myself! Celine Dion is NOT dating back-up dancer 
Pepe Muñoz... year after husband Rene passed away.

Hard-partying Scott Disick is just 'lashing out over sadness of 
split' from Kourtney Kardashian.

Jonnie Peacock pursued for new series of Strictly Come Dancing as 
BBC hope to make him first para-athlete to appear on flagship 
show.

From catwalk to dogwalk! Gigi Hadid dons cat ears to snuggle up 
with her sleeping rescue pooch in sweet selfie.

Pretty in floral! Kate Bosworth stuns in summery frock and dark 
red lipstick as she promotes new TV mini series.

'You already know the reason': Justin Bieber DENIES he cancelled 
remainder of tour to start a church as he grabs sushi in LA.

Life imitating art? Lili Reinhart and Cole Sprouse are 
'dating'... as they play on-screen lovers Betty and Jughead on 
Riverdale.

'Why? It's the same bl**dy job': Furious Julie Walters, 67, slams 
the gender pay gap in the film industry... as BBC faces backlash 
over wage divide .

A love match! Shirtless Wimbledon champion Roger Federer soaks up 
the sun alongside his bikini-clad wife Mirka during family 
holiday in Italy.

'Love my little bump': Pregnant Sam Faiers flaunts her blossoming 
curves in a crochet bikini on sun-soaked babymoon.

Yes, there are more Hadids in the world! Bella and Gigi  join 
their older half-sister Marielle during casual stroll in New York 
City.

Kylie Jenner sued for copying neon 'lip bite' art for reality 
show promo... just weeks after she was caught up in  vintage 
T-Shirt fiasco.

Beaming Melissa George dazzles in an orange shift dress as she 
treats sons Raphaël and Solal to a day at the beach amid bitter 
custody battle.

Flower power! Paula Patton stuns in TWO paisley print outfits 
while promoting new show... after calling post-divorce dating 
'interesting'.

'I'm a magnet for weirdos and nutters': Jodie Marsh claims she is 
being stalked online by someone who befriended her with 'hidden 
motives'.

Liam Hemsworth RUNS OVER Rebel Wilson with his car while filming 
their new movie Isn't It Romantic in New York City.

The Homecoming King! Love Island winner Kem Cetinay gets a hero's 
welcome from the lads as he returns to the UK with his queen 
Amber Davies .

Where's the Kem-istry? Enamoured Love Island runners-up compete 
for steamiest post-show... yet winners Kem and Amber STILL keep 
their distance.

High times! Supermodel Gigi Hadid sports a marijuana pendant as 
she dons a chic outfit in New York City.

'We're kind of engaged': Robert Pattinson FINALLY addresses his 
relationship with 'amazing' and 'talented' fiancée FKA twigs.

Smouldering Jessica Chastain opts for pared-back make-up with 
sexy sheer top before larking around in glasses and denim for 
dazzling new shoot .

Braless Barbara Palvin teases at her side boob as she narrowly 
avoids wardrobe malfunction while whipping off her dress during 
sizzling shoot.

'It's written all over her face!': Love Island fans claim 
Caroline Flack, 37, is DATING Mike Thalassitis, 24... as he sets 
his sights on Lottie Moss.

Now the REAL grafting begins! Love Island crew get to work 
dismantling the villa as the clean up starts on set after 
thrilling series finale.

Permanent tribute! Drake tattoos Lil Wayne's face on his arm... 
eight years after rapper signed him.

More cake! Jennifer Lopez is surprised with sweet treet by Shades 
Of Blue cast and crew as she celebrates 48th birthday on set.

Having a ball! Lindsay Lohan slips into a slinky aqua swimsuit as 
she frolics in the pool during her sun-soaked Mykonos holiday.

She's feeling herself! Ashley Graham flaunts every curve as she 
stars in a very saucy video modeling her latest lacy lingerie 
designs.

Beat the heat! Miley Cyrus shows off her sensational figure as 
she rocks black bikini while shopping in Malibu with mother Tish.

Legs for days! Jourdan Dunn shows off her model pins in mini 
skirt as she rocks double denim on New York stroll.

Aristo-crack-ing! Coronation Street's Helen Flanagan shows off 
her toned abs as she slips into a pair of children's pyjamas.

Justin Bieber cancelled the remainder of his Purpose world tour 
because he is 'rededicated his life to Christ and wants to start 
his own church'.

Katy Perry, The Weeknd, Kendrick Lamar lead MTV Video Music Award 
nominations... with Ariana Grande, Rihanna on list too.

Blast of color! This Is Us actress Chrissy Metz looks pretty in 
multi-colored dress in NYC to promote her hit TV show.

Is Ryan calling? Lucy Mecklenburgh flashes her taut abs in floral 
co-ord as she chats on phone after officially confirming new 
romance.

Even reality TV divas love junk food! Kim Kardashian and Kanye 
West are seen chowing down on McDonald's outside  jet in video 
taken by Khloe.

Her girl squad! Reese Witherspoon leaves her husband and three 
kids at home to party with pals in The Hamptons.

'All will be explained': Chris Harrison says Bachelor in 
Paradise's Corinne Olympios and DeMario Jackson will reveal what 
happened.

Catfight alert! Besties Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez go 
head-to-head with frenemy Katy Perry in Best Collaboration 
category for MTV VMAs.

They work out together! Charlize Theron reveals she didn't train 
with old pal Keanu Reeves for Atomic Blonde... but they use the 
same gym.

Taylor Swift and boyfriend Joe Alwyn go to extreme measures to 
for a low-key outing with a giant umbrella and hoodies as they 
step out in NYC.

Heavily-pregnant Danielle Bux displays her big bump in a chic 
dress as high-earning ex Gary Lineker carries her flowers... 
after pay scandal.

'See you on the other side!' Bikini-clad Georgia Harrison and her 
fellow Love Island stars share emotional snaps from the villa as 
the hit series ends.

Summer's hottest invite! Caroline Flack lets loose as she floods 
Instagram with snaps of her cosying up to Love Island stars at 
wild after-party following finale.

Love Island winners Amber and Kem fly home from Mallorca with 
their VERY amorous co-stars... but why are they the only ones not 
packing on the PDA?.

With her man! Selena Gomez holds onto beau of seven months The 
Weeknd as she celebrates her 25th birthday in LA.

Making a statement! Model Sofia Richie wears long  Matrix-style 
coat with 'conflict' written on back during strut through NYC.

Tinashe receives restraining order against obsessed fan who 
thinks they're married because he is 'unable to distinguish 
reality from fantasy'.

Frank Sinatra's fourth and final wife Barbara dies at age 90 in 
California... almost 20 years after the legendary My Way crooner 
passed away.

Sun's out, buns out! Joanna Krupa shows ex Romain Zago what he's 
missing by baring  naked booty during 'well deserved' Mykonos 
vacation.

'So lucky to be his mummy': Naomi Watts pays tribute to son 
Alexander 'Sasha' Pete on his 10th birthday and shares photos 
from their trip to Africa.

EXCLUSIVE: Love Island winners Amber and Kem 'to become 
millionaires within A YEAR'... as it's claimed he has ALREADY 
raked in £250K before leaving villa .

EXCLUSIVE: Yolanda Hadid was treated with frog venom for Lyme 
disease, ridiculed by her RHOBH co-stars for 'faking it' and 
cruelly dumped by David Foster.

Whatever floats your boat! Shirtless Liam Payne busts a move 
aboard a lavish yacht as he soaks up the sun at sea with a DJ pal.

Plotting world Dom-ination? Busty Jess Shears is the ultimate 
pin-up in a barely-there swimsuit... amid reports Love Island 
losers will make more cash.

Lean on me! Teresa Giudice takes father Giacinto out in NYC... 
four months after the death of her mother Antonia Gorga.

'Who are you and what have you done with Plan B?': Fans are 
amazed as rapper unveils weight loss and dramatic new image at 
Shakespeare's Globe comeback gig.

Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa shops with beau Doug, 55, at 
Home Depot... and leaves with ladder sticking out of her Bentley 
convertible.

Megan McKenna rocks a TINY white lace dress as she performs in 
Nashville for her new solo TV show... after fans labelled the 
TOWIE star 'too skinny'.

Louise Redknapp and gal pal Daisy Lowe pose with Strictly 
newlyweds Aljaz Skorjanec and Janette Manrara on their wedding 
day... amid claims of her own 'split'.

FIRST PHOTO: Jill Duggar asks followers to 'meet Samuel Scott 
Dillard' as she shares Instagram snap of new baby with husband 
Derek.

'The only woman who has ever loved me unconditionally': RHOA star 
Kenya Moore mourns the loss of grandmother who raised her.

Busty Blac Chyna shows off her incredible '$100k' hourglass body 
in plunging nude crop top and hot pants... after treating herself 
to brand new $272K Ferrari.

Nick Viall smiles with fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi after rocky 
relationship rumors and one-on-one lunch with Bachelor In 
Paradise castmate.

'I give Justin two thumbs up!': John Mayer says Bieber would have 
done DAMAGE to himself if he had not ended Purpose World Tour 
early.

'Keep calm and carry on!' Prince Albert shares relationship 
advice for Harry and Meghan and admits that joining a royal 
family is a 'tough act'.

Cara Delevingne pokes fun at herself as she is caught on camera 
stealing a glance at Rihanna's ample cleavage at Valerian 
premiere in London .

Justin Bieber's 'flame' Audreyana Michelle shows off her model 
proportions in skimpy crop top and jogging bottoms as she steps 
out in Beverly Hills.

EXCLUSIVE: 'I was a different person when I was last engaged': 
Vicky Pattison reveals she's happier than ever with fiancé 
John... as she stuns in sexy shoot.

That's the spirit-s! Make-up free Jodie Kidd necks several drinks 
as she toasts her newly-purchased pub in Sussex.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Holly Candy covers up as she grabs groceries 
with her daughter Luka... after sister Olympia hinted that she 
was 'ready for second baby'.

Giddy Anna Friel, 41, cuddles a pooch on set of Marcella... after 
returning to the spotlight following cosy display with Charlie 
Heaton, 23, at the TV BAFTAs.

Kate Plus 8 star Gosselin says it's 'bittersweet' that special 
needs son Collin cannot attend the 13th birthday party for her 
sextuplets.

Dylan O'Brien reveals training for American Assassin role 'was 
very good for recovery' after on-set injury.

William mixes up his models! Prince appears to confuse Claudia 
and Cindy during Diana doc (prompting ANOTHER super to step in 
and correct him).

The Curious Case of Macaulay Culkin: Child actor, 36, is back to 
his former self with new haircut and healthy glow as he goes on 
dinner date with Brenda Song.

Jon Snow and Khaleesi finally moved closer to meeting but Arya 
Stark not being eaten by her direwolf was a cop-out. The highs 
and lows in Game Of Thrones.

'Omgggggggg why y'all doin this to me?': Nicki Minaj joins 
Snapchat and within minutes fans blow up her phone with messages 
and calls.

Back to the (other) day job: Roger Federer takes twin sons Lenny 
and Leo out in Italy as he plays doting dad after eighth 
Wimbledon win.

Brooklyn nights? Beckham teen 'hunting for apartment in New York' 
to pursue photography career and 'other projects'.

Karrueche Tran flaunts her enviable abs in a white crop top and 
relaxed army pants as she hits the shops in LA.

Al Pacino steps back into Joe Paterno's shoes as he returns to 
the NYC set of movie about disgraced football coach.

Plaid's the way to do it! Elegant Kate Bosworth dazzles in a silk 
midi-dress as she cosies up to husband Michael Polish at National 
Geographic party.

Jeremy Clarkson's mortified daughter Emily is left cringing as he 
attempts to 'dab' and describes his Mallorca holiday as 'lit' in 
a series of odd tweets.

It's the slimming aid hailed a 'gastric band in a glass' popular 
with celebs including Holly Hagan - and it's all down to ONE 
ingredient in the drink.

U2 star Adam Clayton, 57, becomes a father for the second time as 
he announces the birth of daughter Alba with wife Mariana de 
Carvalho.

No Summertime Sadness here! Lana Del Rey flashes a beaming smile 
as she rocks skinny jeans and tight blouse at BBC Radio 1 studios.

Nothing Meek(s) about them! 'Hot felon' Jeremy and girlfriend 
Chloe Green coordinate in white ensembles during lavish lunch 
date as their romance heats up.

Cute children who grew up to conquer Love Island: Charming school 
days photos of winning Kem and Amber who became the hit show's 
raciest EVER pair .

Katharine McPhee puts her lavish 3-bedroom Toluca Lake bungalow 
complete with swimming pool on the market for a whopping $1.549 
million.

EXCLUSIVE: 'I haven't been sat crying into a pillow!' MIC's Sam 
Thompson on enjoying the single life after his shock split from 
Tiff Watson.

Mum's the word! Heavily-pregnant Danielle Lloyd shows off her 
baby bump in a bright orange lace dress as she joins mother 
Jackie on Lorraine.

'I've met my wife!' Kem Cetinay and Amber Davies are crowned 
WINNERS of Love Island 2017... beating Camilla Thurlow and Jamie 
Jewitt to the £50K prize.

'Bosses don't want the bromance to end': Love Island's Kem and 
Chris 'set for spin-off reality show'... and even Stormzy 
promises them collaboration.

'Justin Bieber can go f*** himself': Singer hit by fan backlash 
after cancelling remainder of Purpose World Tour amid claims 
'he's just over it'.

Dance and destroy: Mickey Rourke hit with $30,000 lawsuit after 
failing to pay rent, causing extensive damages, and installing 
unapproved 'disco light'.

She's out of this world: Braless Rihanna shows off her 
sensational curves in slinky silver satin dress at Valerian 
afterparty.

'I'm happy with my boobs': Newly-slim Dawn French, 59, admits 
she's ditched her diet to save her cup size... after shedding 
almost eight stone.

EXCLUSIVE: 'It's drivel': Camilla Thurlow's uncle says Love 
Island was difficult' for her mother to watch... despite her 
reaching runner-up spot.

'F*** I actually need to get a life now': Love Island's celebrity 
fans mourn the end of the series... as they congratulate winners 
Kem and Amber.

Make-up free Paris Jackson shows off her long legs in tiny shorts 
and puffs on cigarette as she runs errands .

Former Love Island star Zara Holland shows off ample assets and 
taut midriff in tiny bikini as she wows on the beach in Barbados.

Linkin Park frontman Chester Bennington bought $2.5million home 
for his family just two months before he was found dead in a 
bedroom.

Tom Hanks gets into character as late Washington Post editor Ben 
Bradlee on the set of Steven Spielberg's new movie The Papers.

'Bronzing my bump': Pregnant Ferne McCann sets pulses racing as 
she shows off her evolving figure in a skimpy orange caged bikini.

Tom Sturridge 'collapses onstage' during George Orwell's 1984 
Broadway play... after Jennifer Lawrence 'threw up' while 
watching torture scene.

Slim Josie Gibson reveals a little too much in VERY sheer 
bralette in fun festival Instagram snap... as she shows off the 
incredible results of her tummy tuck.

The look of Love (Island)! Besotted Jonny Mitchell can't take his 
eyes off Chyna Ellis on a night out in Manchester as show final 
airs .

'It's like Cinderella's rags': Braless Caroline Flack divides 
Love Island fans with low-cut jagged number during final... (and 
she only just manages to stay in it!).

'We still have feelings for each other': Pregnant Cara De La 
Hoyde admits she rushed relationship with ex Nathan Massey as she 
offers advice.

Oh my Hadid! Gigi and Bella's mum Yolanda, 53, flaunts shapely 
backside in cheeky Instagram from vacation to The Alps.

Girls about town! Kim Kardashian slips into cleavage-baring top 
as sister Kourtney flashes bra in sheer blouse while running 
errands.

Holy smoke! Naked Kendall Jenner poses under a chandelier while 
holding a cigarette (but insists doesn't have a nicotine 
addiction).

Like father like son! Dapper David Beckham coordinates white 
ensembles with Brooklyn... amid claims he is leading a 'separate 
life' from wife Victoria.

Could he BE more relaxed? Matthew Perry, 47, goes shirtless as he 
soaks up the sun in 'much needed' Mexico vacation.

'We're looking forward to doing the deed': Love Island's Gabby 
admits she can't wait to bed boyfriend Marcel outside the villa 
after abstaining on the show.

He really IS her type on paper! Endless romps, spectacular 
fallouts and a big fat pay cheque... A look back on Kem and 
Amber's tumultuous romance.

They've got good jeans! Chris Hemsworth and his brother Luke 
flaunt their buff physiques in casual shirts and denim trousers .

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Babymoon bliss! Pregnant Jessica Alba puts her 
bump on show in little black bikini on 'magic' Hawaii break with 
family.

'He couldn't get excited': BB's Sam and Ellie still haven't had 
sex because he was too DRUNK... as she says she was 'nearly 
concussed'.

Where have THEY been? Rihanna struggles to contain her assets in 
low-cut gown alongside suit-clad Cara Delevingne at Valerian's 
London premiere.

Thought you didn't care? Braless Cara Delevingne flashes flesh in 
bespoke Burberry crystal capelet and suit at premiere of box 
office flop Valerian.

Swimsuit model Joy Corrigan suffers a wardrobe malfunction in a 
flimsy white dress during shoot on Miami Beach.

'Anyone else want to reach into the TV and give them a hug?': 
Viewers' emotion as Harry and William reveal how they struggled 
to cope after Diana's death.

In bed with Chrissy Teigen: Topless model playfully romps around 
in bedsheets for Snapchat video.

'It was a little bit disrespectful': Louis Tomlinson FINALLY 
addresses fan-fiction romance Larry Stylinson... as he debuts new 
tattoo.

EXCLUSIVE: The Body Elle MacPherson, 53, hits the surf with 
handsome life coach in Mexico following 'split' from billionaire 
husband.

In a black mood! Khloe Kardashian wears dark ensemble as she 
stomps out of studio after filming KUWTK.

Don't blow out the candles yet! Birthday girl Selena Gomez 
sizzles in black dress as she steps out AGAIN to party the night 
away for her 25th milestone.

Ready to rock? Gisele Bundchen shows off model legs and toned 
tummy as she poses with guitar and microphone for Rosa Cha 
campaign.

Atomic Blonde! Charlize Theron rocks bondage-inspired ensemble 
with black leather bra and fringed mini skirt at LA movie 
premiere.

'I'm not trying to hide my bump!' Pregnant Ferne McCann is a 
vision in bra and skirt combo... as she insists slender 
appearance is merely a camera angle.

Fit fashionista! Bella Hadid flaunts taut tummy in clinging 
sports bra and leggings while jogging in New York.

'I've just put on weight after enjoying myself': Coleen Rooney 
defiantly shuts down pregnancy rumours... after sparking 
speculation during family holiday.

Blac Chyna shows off new ankle tattoo of her initials at Los 
Angeles airport after her boyfriend Mechie got same.

Classy wheels! Blac Chyna looks ecstatic as she shows off her 
brand new $272K Ferrari 488 Spider with baby Dream in her arms.

Chloe Lattanzi confirms her mother Olivia Newton-John is on the 
road to recovery as she spruiks cannabis oil as powerful 
treatment on The Morning Show.

Cara De La Hoyde oozes glamour for Love Island bash after Kem and 
Amber are named winners... as ex victor prepares to welcome 
show's first baby.

'I don't give a s**t about what I look like': Defiant Cara 
Delevingne denounces her model status... after admitting she 
'didn't like what modelling stood for'.

Love Island runner-up Camilla Thurlow utters 'love you' to Jamie 
Jewitt as she finally let her guard down during series final.

Busty Ashley James shows off her famed curves in an array of 
barely-there swimwear for sexy new shoot.

Grungy gal! Lorde is all smiles as she rocks 90s chic in a kooky 
black dress atop a white blouse while out with a male friend in 
New Zealand .

What final? Love Island's Jess Shears shows off famed curves in 
TINY white mini dress for dinner date Dom Lever... as they shun 
watching last show.

'That dive was the highlight of the series!' Love Island's Chris 
and Olivia are reunited with 'son' Cash during finale... while 
fans go WILD for her pool leap.

Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski shows off slim pins in grey mini 
as she keeps low profile on gloomy day in LA.

Eat your heart out! Kim Kardashian flashes cleavage and TINY 
WAIST in slashed crop top for lunch with Khloe and Kourtney.

Shaken, not replaced! Daniel Craig to return as James Bond in 
2019... despite saying he'd rather 'slash my wrist' than reprise 
role.

'I felt sick': 'Horrified' Emma Willis discovers that her 
relative tried to murder someone as she uncovers family tree in 
Who Do You Think You Are?.

Love Island's Malin Andersson shears hair into a pixie crop to 
donate lengthy locks to charity in support of mum who is 
diagnosed with cancer.

'That's some sucker a** s***!' Amber Rose SLAMS Rob Kardashian 
for revenge porn aimed at Blac Chyna.

Life before Love Island: Victors Amber Davies and Kem Cetinay 
look sweet in baby-faced throwback snaps... as they prepare for 
millionaire lifestyle .

Love Island runner-up Camilla Thurlow confesses she's happy her 
romance with Prince Harry didn't work out as she looks forward to 
the future with Jamie Jewitt.

Chrissy Teigen is blazing hot as she dresses in fireman uniform 
to celebrate McDonald's new delivery system.

'This has been my dream since I was a little girl': Beaming Megan 
McKenna performs in Nashville as she wraps production on new solo 
TV show.

Pretty little piggies! Ashley Benson swaps her gold booties for 
flip-flops to protect her fresh pedi in Los Angeles.

Charlotte Keys is booted out of Big Brother in shock back door 
eviction DAYS before the final... as Isabelle Warburton survives 
another public vote.

Atomic Blonde bombshell! Charlize Theron keeps it casual cool as 
she parades enviably lean physique in clinging leggings at lunch 
with daughter.

'I've seen this somewhere before!': Elle Macpherson hits back at 
Instagram influencer for ripping off her image in copycat social 
media post.

Purrfect performance! Sienna Miller shows off her natural beauty 
as she signs autographs for fans after appearing in Cat On A Hot 
Tin Roof theatre show.

Things getting saucy? Lorde is all smiles as she steps out for 
kitchenwares with rumoured boyfriend Justin Warren.

Ashley Judd looks sensational in cleavage-baring sheer dress as 
she discusses being a 'bada**' at the TCAs in Beverly Hills.

Meet Wisdom! Comedian Kel Mitchell shares first photo of newborn 
daughter with wife Aisha Lee.

She's blooming! Kelly Ripa steps out in floral print Gucci dress 
in New York City ahead of chat show appearance.

Phil Mitchell was back! Walford's legendary rogue started by 
attacking Lisa Fowler in the hospital corridor on EastEnders, by 
JIM SHELLEY .

Colman's mustard... but this is a muddle: QUENTIN LETTS first 
night review of Mosquitoes .

Back on! Cheryl Burke and Matthew Lawrence heat up their 
rekindled romance during Caribbean getaway.

'I am DYING inside': Lauren Goodger shows off trim figure in sexy 
black jumpsuit as she gets off her sick bed to attend lingerie 
launch.

Showing off what she's got! Britney Spears puts her cleavage on 
display in skimpy purple crop top as she shares a workout clip on 
Instagram.

Braless Bella Hadid shows off her sensational figure  in tight 
white top and Daisy Dukes as she shares a giggle with elder 
sister Gigi in NYC.

Love Island's Jess Shears has tattoo tribute to Dom Lever after 
meeting TWO MONTHS ago... as it's revealed the inking is another 
sponsored post.

Newly-engaged Vicky Pattison puts on an eye-popping display 
sporting bridal-inspired bustier as outerwear as she leads 
glamour at Ann Summers launch.

14 things everyone knows to be true about camping (but we still 
love it!) .

Pregnant Ferne McCann shows off her bump in a fitted jumpsuit as 
she joins glamorous pal Danielle Armstrong at lingerie launch.

Scarlett Moffatt fears ex-boyfriend Richard Cull 'will reveal 
their sex secrets' on Love Island style show... after he claimed 
their romance was 'toxic'.

'Back when I wasn't allowed out': Lauren Goodger shares throwback 
snap... as she hints at romance with 'controlling' ex Mark Wright.

'My children don't need me to find them a wife': Bake Off winner 
Nadiya Hussein reveals she won't force her kids into having 
arranged marriages.

Joanna Krupa wears facemask as she flaunts her figure in a skimpy 
bikini during getaway to Greece...as Brandi Glanville 'seeks to 
throw out model's lawsuit'.

Chrissy Teigen looks glamorous in stylish polka-dot dress and 
statement earrings as she steps out with baby Luna in NYC.

MIC's Frankie Gaff flaunts her enviable figure in nothing but 
bikini bottoms and well placed snooker balls in an array of saucy 
swimwear selfies.

'I'm the smallest I've ever been': Corrie's Catherine Tyldesley 
gushes about loving her body after losing a huge SEVEN dress 
sizes .

Demi Moore, 54, hasn't changed since filming Striptease 21 YEARS 
ago as she flaunts her stunning figure in racy scenes from new 
film.

Channel 4 has axed The Jump after 34 celebrity contestants 
suffered major injuries during its four years on the air.

That's what Friends are for! TV sisters Jennifer Aniston and 
Reese Witherspoon reunite for new series about morning TV.

'My family's hero passed away': Marc Anthony grieves mother's 
death with heartbreaking Twitter message.

The Shear(s) cheek of it! Buxom Love Island star Jess leaves 
NOTHING to the imagination as she strips completely naked for 
sizzling shoot.

'You can be profitable for not being who you truly are': Keke 
Palmer slams Kylie Jenner for caving to societal pressure to 
'make herself beautiful'.

Instagram snap that cost John Terry £400,000: Burglars raided 
former England captain's £5million Surrey mansion to steal an 
'eye-watering' haul.

Legendary Hollywood actor Martin Landau died from 'massive 
internal bleeding' from intra-abdominal hemorrhage his death 
certificate reveals.

Busty Heidi Klum, 44, gets up close with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, 
as she shows off her flawless figure in VERY skimpy red bikini on 
plush yacht in St Tropez.

(Ri)oh my! Kate Wright just about protects her modesty through 
sizzling sheer swimsuit in latest sexy snap... days after 
romantic night out with Ferdinand.

'How have you just had a baby?': Fans marvel Chelsee Healy's 
post-pregnancy body as she teases at her taut stomach TWO WEEKS 
after giving birth.

Suited to a tee: Ronan Keating and wife Storm enjoy golf 
tournament in matching outfits on double date alongside Brian 
McFadden and Danielle Parkinson.

BBC's 'new Bake Off' The Big Family Cooking Showdown will see 16 
families face off in the kitchen... as Zoe Ball and Nadiya 
Hussain find UK's best foodies.

Her Majesty's former page boy is a hit with the ladies: Princess 
Margaret's grandson Arthur Chatto shows off his hunky physique on 
Instagram.

'Most actors are crazy': Sharknado star Tara Reid reveals why she 
would NEVER date newly-single Brad Pitt or anyone else in 
Hollywood.

'I wanted to be in the public eye': Montana Brown makes candid 
admission she only took part in Love Island to be famous... as 
she brands pal Camilla 'draining'.

Lovely in lace! Priyanka Chopra showcases her figure in plunging 
white broderie anglaise dress as she heads out in NYC.

'Beautiful moment with my babies': Pregnant Sam Faiers shares 
picture of baby Paul cuddling her growing bump in sweet Instagram 
post.

Another day, another bikini! Natasha Oakley flaunts stunning 
curves in skimpy red two-piece in Malibu after revealing hopes to 
inspire others with body confidence.

The Modelizer is back! Leonardo DiCaprio is yet again surrounded 
by a bevy of beauties as he is joined by giggling best pal Tobey 
Maguire on St Tropez yacht .

Celebrity Big Brother accused of COPYING Love Island set after 
being trounced in the ratings war by more than 1,000,000 viewers 
each night.

Love Island's Tyne-Lexy Clarson dazzles in figure hugging midi 
dress showing off voluptuous curves at lingerie show.

She's moving on! Shania Twain slams ex husband and pays tribute 
to iconic hit in new video for Life's About To Get Good.

Hannah Agboola and Kieran Lee narrowly miss out on the Big 
Brother final as they're booted out the back door in brutal last 
eviction.

Katie Price sends fans wild as she flaunts her hourglass curves 
in a thigh-skimming little black dress for sexy snap following 
her first face-lift.

Kate Moss gets the superstar treatment driving through Capri on a 
yellow buggy as she heads to meet her man Von Bismarck for 
romantic breakaway.

Love Island runner-up Camilla treats Jamie Jewitt to a piggyback 
as she shows him around 'Thurlow manor' on romantic stroll in 
Scotland.

Cool in camo! Madison Beer flashes toned tummy while plugging her 
new single amid relationship rumors with Brooklyn Beckham.

Louisa Johnson flashes a hint of her purple bra as she joins 
silver crop-top wearing Charli XCX at MTV event in Plymouth .

James Blunt swaps his ballads for bollards: Singer wears orange 
cone hat and jokes he couldn't park in 'rock star' space during 
his US tour.

Kelsey Grammer's splashing out in the West End: Frasier star to 
make his London theatre debut in premiere of American musical Big 
Fish.

Victoria and David Beckham put on a united front following 
sweat-inducing gym session in LA... amid claims couple are 
leading 'separate lives'.

Nina Agdal cheekily uses pizza Emoji to protect her modesty in 
sizzling NAKED snap... as she shows ex Leonardo DiCaprio what 
he's missing.

'What a beautiful couple!': Natalie Imbruglia appears to confirm 
new romance with photographer Matt Field.

Having a heart to heart! Rebel Wilson stands out in yellow 
sweater as she chats with co-star Liam Hemsworth while filming 
Isn't It Romantic.

Letting it sink in: Yolanda Hadid looks downcast in NYC after 
it's revealed ex-husband David Foster has been romancing 
Elizabeth Hurley.

Bright idea! Kendall Jenner stands out in New York City with 
yellow jacket as the model takes her mini Louis Vuitton purse to 
the gym.

'Decorating, house stuff, that was Brad's thing': Angelina Jolie 
is learning to cook and be a homebody for her six kids in $25m 
mansion post Pitt split.

Spoiler Alert! Rachel Lindsay's friend appears to have let slip 
the identity of Bachelorette star's chosen suitor.

What a glorious rogues' gallery! PATRICK MARMION says 'more 
please' for open air version of Oliver Twist .

Something sinister lurks beneath the Aussie sun - and it's 
addictive: Christopher Stevens reviews last night's TV.

Ballads of Bob make for a Dylan delight: QUENTIN LETTS watches 
Girl From The North Country at The Old Vic.

Love Island's Cally-Jane Beech showcases her incredible post-baby 
body for sizzling lingerie shoot... following Luis Morrison split.

Victoria's Secret model Doutzen Kroes displays her ripped figure 
in a pink tasselled bikini as she frolics on a super-yacht in St 
Tropez.

My pharaoh lady! Sophie Okonedo signs up as Ralph Fiennes's 
Cleopatra in new adaptation of Shakespeare's play at the National 
Theatre.

'Mark Harmon is a mensch!': Maria Bello joins NCIS cast and raves 
about her new co-star on social media.

Generating a lot of buzz! Ryan Murphy and FX reveal new American 
Horror Story poster featuring brain beehive after season seven 
name is confirmed.

'Good god!' Elizabeth Hurley is left SHOCKED by ex-fiancé Shane 
Warne as cricket legend showcases his bizarre 'dyed' beard.

Mom-to-be chic! Mindy Kaling debuts baby bump in stylish black 
dress as she hits red carpet at TCA event in Beverly Hills.

Wild, wild, West(brook)! Danniella bares slender frame under 
sheer kaftan as she rides rodeo bull in Spanish bar... after 
undergoing surgical makeover.

'I was doing coke every day': Lamar Odom reflects on  drug 
overdose and reveals Khloe Kardashian once busted him getting 
high with another woman.

'Don't want to tell you what's gone on in that shower!' Kim 
Kardashian reminisces as she visits old house she shared with 
Kris Humphries.

'Brace for impact, kids!': Katy Perry is named host of MTV Video 
Music Awards in August... and is up for five gongs on the night.

'As a man he fell in love with women, will she continue?': 
Twitter goes into meltdown as they claim the first female Doctor 
Who will be bisexual.

A bed fit for a Kem! Amber Davies' mum reveals she bought her 
daughter a brand new bed so the Love Island winner can romp with 
her boyfriend.

'It makes me excited and turns me on!' Britney Spears shows off 
her beautiful body in pink bustier as she launches her 21st 
fragrance, Private Show.

It's just Basic Instinct! Youthful Sharon Stone, 59, shows off 
her natural rhythm with some VERY raunchy dance moves in glimpse 
at her racy GQ Italia shoot.

'We're hoping for a miracle': Jill Zarin in 'shock' after 
hospitalized husband Bobby's latest cancer procedure.

Red hot and ravishing! Jennifer Lopez pumps up the sexy quotient 
in a sizzling scarlet dress as she celebrates Alex Rodriguez's 
42nd birthday.

'Adventure here we come!': Honeymooners Julianne Hough and Brooks 
Laich swap the Seychelles for a safari in Kenya after splashy 
wedding.

 Mark Wright shows off his musclebound physique post-workout in 
LA as wife Michelle Keegan post snaps from the set of Our Girl in 
South Africa.

'All three of them flashed her': Loose Women's Nadia Sawalha 
reveals horrific moment daughter's friend, nine, fell victim to 
online perverts.

'It always comes back to sex when you're gay': Will Young claims 
music bosses told him to kiss George Michael to boost his career 
shortly after winning Pop Idol .

She's got range! Jennifer Lopez films TV show in New York City 
and releases new shoe line with Giuseppe Zanotti.

Giving them the cold shoulder! Hailey Baldwin rocks sleeveless 
blouse and clingy trousers as she promotes new show Drop The Mic.

Her little gem! North West tells mom Kim Kardashian she has 
changed her Pomeranian pup's name from Sushi to Diamond.

Looking hot is the best revenge! Blac Chyna is pretty in white 
swimsuit after ugly Rob Kardashian blowup.... as she reveals 
she's 'good' with ex Tyga.

Shirtless Billy Zane, 51, hits the beach with a stunning 
bikini-clad blonde in St Tropez... three months after kissing a 
Kelly Brook lookalike in Milan.

Love Island's Gabby shares saucy shot of her peachy posterior 
before posting cheeky video in bed with Marcel... after THAT 
cringe-worthy comment.

Big Apple love! Chrissy Teigen shows off her model legs in black 
mini dress as she enjoys a date night with husband John Legend.

Angelina Jolie criticised for 'cruel' game to pick Cambodian 
child actors for film in which they were given money and then it 
was SNATCHED .

She's a real beach girl! Bikini-clad Audrina Patridge puts 
gym-honed physique on display as she splashes around Miami.

Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, has her Bond girl moment as she emerges 
from ocean in a skimpy bikini... after 'confirming' romance with 
Jamie O'Hara.

'I love fast food, it's really bad!': Minka Kelly reveals she has 
an addiction to burger and fries but stops indulging once she 
feels 'sluggish'.

Harrison Ford dines with third wife Calista Flockhart and son 
Liam in Los Angeles... after making ComicCon appearance.

Working it! Amy Schumer shows off perfectly toned legs in bold 
pink mini skirt as she steps out of cab while filming new comedy 
I Feel Pretty.

Phillip Schofield is every inch the proud father as he marks 
daughter Ruby's graduation from Leeds Beckett with a fun family 
photo.

'I'm madly in love with Mary': Cheers vet Ted Danson talks 
marriage of 22 years to Steenburgen ahead of his 70th birthday.

Adrien Brody's model girlfriend Lara Lieto shows off her 
incredible abs in white cut-out ensemble as they enjoy beach day 
in St Tropez.

Coco-nuts about you! TOWIE's Courtney Green and Myles Barnett 
pack on the PDA as they enjoy fun-filled day at the beach in 
Antigua.

EXCLUSIVE 'This time it felt right': Alesha Dixon on how daughter 
Azura, 3, inspired her to travel to Ghana to tackle the issue of 
child marriage.

'He makes my heart skip a beat!': Jennifer Lopez posts  tribute 
to beau Alex Rodriguez on his 42nd birthday as she shares 
handsome portrait.

Victoria's Secret Angel Taylor Hill flaunts her enviable toned 
pins in slinky red mini dress as she soaks up the sun during 
Saint-Tropez getaway.

Kesha clings to a teddy bear and shares childhood home movies in 
powerful new music video for single Learn To Let Go.

'You'll float too!' Pennywise the Clown haunts kids in second 
trailer for It... as director reveals plans for equally as 
chilling sequel.

Bust-ing a move! Braless Tove Lo flashes her bare breasts as she 
puts on a very brazen display during gig in Sydney.

'Still a muggy p***k ': Love Island's Alex Beattie fires back at 
Mike... as he leaps to girlfriend Montana Brown's defence 
following 'dry' jibe.

'He finally got me to the farm': Olivia cosies up to boyfriend 
Chris during home visit... as the hunk is on track to become most 
popular Love Island star EVER.

Strutting her stuff! Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale, 22, 
flaunts her slender figure in denim as she steps out in New York 
City.

Pete Wicks and Jemma Lucy among contenders to enter Celebrity Big 
Brother house... as bombshell Rhian Sugden is set for explosive 
comeback.

The (Liberty) X factor! Michelle Heaton shows off her incredibly 
toned midriff and pert posterior in animal-print bikini as she 
enjoys break in Dubai.

EXCLUSIVE: Julia Roberts plunks down $4M on a shabby home to add 
to the growing portfolio of properties she's scooping up in 
Malibu.

Tatt's nice! Cody Simpson cuts a casual figure in a T-shirt as he 
strolls in Los Angeles and showcases his new anchor hand tattoo.

Meeting the parents already? TOWIE's Kate Wright  takes her 
relationship with Rio Ferdinand to the next level by introducing 
him to her mum.

Busty Lilly Becker turns heads in plunging black swimsuit as she 
enjoys beach day in Ibiza without husband Boris following rumours 
of 'marriage rift'.

Little Mix's Perrie Edwards displays her rock chic style along 
with casually clad bandmates as they head to Brisbane to continue 
Australian tour.

Duncan Bannatyne's, 68, new wife Nigora, 37, looks red hot in a 
bikini as she shows off her impressive abs on romantic honeymoon 
in Croatia.

Paging Dr Marcel! Love Island star is writing a Little Book of 
Big Love to hand out romantic advice to his fans after coming 
fourth with Gabby Allen.

Have Millie and Hugo secretly got ENGAGED? Divorced star wears a 
glittering diamond on her ring finger as she gushes over 'best 
birthday ever' in Greece.

Ashlee Simpson works up a sweat at LA gym... as second husband 
Evan Ross films comedy HeadShop.

Baby got Beck! David Beckham signs his autograph on a cheeky 
girl's BOTTOM... amid claims of a marital rift with wife Victoria.

'Today we'll be celebrating like it's day one': Smitten Rochelle 
and Marvin Humes honour their fifth wedding anniversary with a 
series of snaps.

'Wish I had a time machine': Zoe Ball shares emotional tribute to 
late boyfriend Billy Yates on Instagram three months after his 
sudden death.

'She ignored signs because of pride': Emmerdale's Zoe Henry 
discusses the dark reality behind Rhona Goskirk's harrowing 
marital rape storyline.

Justin Bieber hits photographer with his huge pick-up truck and 
leaves him with minor injuries outside church service days after 
canceling tour.

Ed Sheeran faces Stormzy and former Mercury Prize winners Alt-J 
and The xx as they go head-to-head in the 2017 shortlist.

Princess Diana's lover Dodi was a cocaine fiend who trawled 
Studio 54 and illegal gay clubs at dawn with celeb pals Liza 
Minnelli and Robin Williams, says new book.

Sara Sampaio passionately locks lips with Oliver Ripley as she 
jets from Mexico to Mykonos to continue birthday celebrations 
with her beau.

Gordon Ramsay and his brave son Jack capture a Burmese python 
then cook it and EAT IT on The F Word .

HBO reveals final season of Game Of Thrones may be the longest of 
all with two hour long episodes.

Love Island's Sam Gowland eyed up to join Geordie Shore as cast 
members Chloe Ferry and Gaz Beadle give their seal of approval.

'First night apart in eight weeks': Love Island's Chris Hughes 
mourns the end of his on-screen bromance with best pal Kem 
Cetinay.

Tom Hardy is set to play English war correspondent Anthony Loyd 
in an adaptation of the journalist's memoirs about the Bosnian 
conflict and addiction.

He's not just environmentally-friendly! Leonardo DiCaprio calls 
on megastar mates Kate Winslet and Madonna for celeb-studded gala.

Leo-thario DiCaprio laps up the single life as he makes a play 
for MULTIPLE beautiful women inside his foundation gala in St 
Tropez.

'You're an icon... I adore you!' Kate Beckinsale's daughter Lily 
pays moving tribute to her mother as British actress celebrates 
her 44th birthday.

Love Island veteran Kady McDermott flashes her flat stomach in a 
red suit as she goes hand-in-hand with former rival Tina Stinnes.

Kim Kardashian flaunts her taut abs in a tiny crop top as she's 
seen for first time with sister Khloe amid claims 'her surrogate 
is three-months pregnant'.

PICTURED: Michelle Pfeiffer, 59, makes very rare appearance with 
both her husband David E Kelley and daughter Claudia Rose in NYC.

Reigning in the style stakes! Queen Letizia and husband King 
Felipe make a VERY handsome pair as they carry out a joint 
engagement in Madrid.

'We grew up together': Reese Witherspoon reflects on raising 
lookalike daughter Ava as she marks her upcoming 18th birthday.

'You put aside certain things to love each other': Matt Bomer 
hints his relationship with his parents is still strained after 
coming out as he discusses tough roles.

'I won't ever look at things in the same light': Miranda Lambert 
says Blake Shelton divorce means she can no longer 'take pain for 
granted'.

'I get in shape, then I'm back to eating hamburgers': Cate 
Blanchett talks of extremely tight and 'horrendous' suit worn in 
Thor: Ragnarok.

'It's the magic number!': Ronaldo reveals he is planning to have 
SEVEN children... after confirming Georgina Rodriguez is 
expecting his fourth.

Putting it all out there! Bella Thorne offers an eyeful in sheer 
lace bra and hotpants en route to app launch...as she 'moves on 
from Scott Disick for good'.

'They want to keep the memorial private': Chester Bennington's 
family keen to keep Linkin Park frontman's funeral 'relatives and 
close friends only'.

Sssssexy! Celine Dion oozes daytime glamour in snakeskin coat and 
racy thigh-high boots as she continues to experiment with her 
style in Paris.

'I wiped tears from the same people that caused mine!' Jeremy 
Meeks' estranged wife Melissa slams felon-turned-model as he 
romances Chloe Green.

Glamorous Kate Wright enjoys night out with boyfriend Rio 
Ferdinand as flourishing romance heats up after going public on 
family day out.

She's Keeping Up with the Kardashians! Blac Chyna flaunts major 
cleavage as she cosies up to Lamar Odom and reunites with baby 
daddy Tyga at bash.

'Now we're saving icebergs': Leonardo DiCaprio, Kate Winslet and 
Billy Zane reunite at St Tropez gala 20 years after Titanic.

Love Island's Jess Shears goes for pyjama-chic cosying up to Dom 
Lever at star-studded make-up launch... after she is left 
red-faced in promo gaffe.

Radiant Gigi Hadid gives a flash of her toned midriff in NYC... 
as she steps out for first time since boyfriend Zayn Malik 
discussed his anxiety struggle.

Madison Beer jets to New York amid claims new beau Brooklyn 
Beckham is looking for a Manhattan apartment to 'pursue their 
relationship'.

'It's just been the hardest time, and we're just kind of coming 
up for air': Angelina Jolie breaks silence on Brad Pitt split as 
she reveals 'things got bad'.

'Baby on board': Pregnant Ferne McCann puts on a very busty 
display as she flaunts her growing bump in scalloped bikini 
during Spanish break.

'I've never felt so happy': Male model Lucky Blue Smith, 19, 
announces birth of daughter Gravity with girlfriend Stormi Bree, 
26.

X-Men star Nicholas Hoult set 'to play legendary writer J.R.R. 
Tolkien in new biopic about Hobbit author's life'.

'He's overcompensating for his tiny hands': James Corden sings 
remake of 1960s hit to slam President Trump's ban on transgender 
soldiers.

EXCLUSIVE: 'I'll probably die working!' Larry Lamb, 69, on NEVER 
retiring, James Corden's 'extraordinary' success and how I'm A 
Celeb 'put him off eating'.

Peek-a-booty! Ariel Winter makes a cheeky display in black Daisy 
Dukes and tied-up tee while out to lunch with boyfriend Levi 
Meaden.

She rocks! Hailey Baldwin looks sensational in strapless wet-look 
red mini dress at app launch event.

Check her out! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressively 
slender frame in plaid suit jacket and thigh-skimming shorts as 
she enjoys a concert in LA.

'It was kind of risky!' Robert Pattinson reveals he was KICKED 
OUT of elite London school for selling stolen porn magazines to 
classmates.

David Beckham cannot stop grinning despite committing cardinal 
fashion sin after workout... in midst of reports of marital woes 
with wife Victoria.

Snoop Dogg cleared in Wiz Khalifa lawsuit after fans sue the 
artists over collapsed railings which sent concert-goers tumbling.

Looking bootyful! Iggy Azalea flaunts famous curves in 
faux-leather pants after denying she's surgically-enhanced her 
derrière.

Fans rush to Charlotte Crosby's defence after she's targeted by 
cruel trolls for displaying her 'bones' in daring bikini selfie 
during Dubai getaway.

Newly-single Lottie Moss makes a low-key appearance in a denim 
jacket and leggings as she parties with a friend... after 
confirming split with Alex Mytton.

Let's talk! Rebel Wilson gives Liam Hemsworth hand signal to call 
her on NYC set of new romantic comedy.

'I needed the money': John Boyega cringes at awkward reminders of 
early modeling career on The Tonight Show.

Molly McFadden poses with all of her siblings as 'emotional' mum 
Kerry shares snap ahead of her moving to Ireland... but sister 
Dylan-Jorge doesn't look happy .

Ansel Elgort is slick and suave in trendy pink checked suit as he 
cosies up to childhood sweetheart Violetta Komyshan at Baby 
Driver premiere.

'I'm trying to work through issues': Zayn Malik addresses anxiety 
battle... and reveals he slept on a mattress for SIX months in LA 
as he 'liked the way it felt'.

Fun in the city! Bella Hadid goes braless in white crop top and 
jeans while fooling around with friends on the streets of New 
York.

How Charles failed Diana, by her closest Palace aide: Former 
private secretary berates Royal Family for failing to treat her 
with respect.

'It makes me feel sick': Love Island winner Kem Cetinay reveals 
he'll never forgive himself for betraying Amber Davies... but 
insists he won't marry her yet.

It's official! Scientific research confirms that George Clooney 
DOES have the world's most handsome face (and Brad Pitt and 
Bradley Cooper are't far behind).

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Love Island's Olivia Attwood keeps her 
distance from beau Chris Hughes... but the pair unite in SLAMMING 
'lying' Mike Thalassitis.

Love Island's Camilla Thurlow brings new beau Jamie Jewitt home 
to Scotland to meet her family... as her dream first date to play 
rounders comes true.

'You just belittled me': Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle 
stands up to TV boss Donna Paulsen on Suits.

Alessandra Ambrosio steps out with her father Luis in LA... after 
he revealed she is a 'blessing' amid his 20-year battle with 
multiple sclerosis.

'No one cares about you': Tinsley Mortimer clashes with Sonja 
Morgan over gossip column article on RHONY.

The Ewoks strike back? Director Ron Howard reveals he is 'happy' 
Warwick Davis is starring in Han Solo movie.

'How can we possibly be victorious against such a beast?' Henry 
Cavill pokes fun at the furor surrounding his mustache.

'No one cares how many squats you do!' MIC's Sam Thompson 
ruthlessly mocks sister Louise again... as he narrates VERY 
cheeky video of her derriere .

'I think we may be the new Burton and Taylor': What Angelina told 
friends as it's revealed she and Brad Pitt are 'consciously 
re-coupling' after intense rehab and spiritual counselling.

'If she was 80, I'd probably still have had sex with her': Katie 
Price's estranged husband Kieran Hayler reveals all about sordid 
affair with their children's nanny Nikki Brown.

Megan McKenna looks busty as she flaunts her slender legs in TINY 
white denim shorts... as she promotes new show documenting her 
quest to become a country music singer.

Moore please! Julianne stuns in plunging Valentino gown as she 
makes a glamorous appearance at 74th annual Venice Film Festival 
premiere of Suburbicon.

George Clooney makes a grand entrance by speedboat with stunning 
wife Amal clad in plunging lilac gown as he kicks off the 74th 
Venice Film Festival at Suburbicon premiere.

Beach bunny! Miley Cyrus models Playboy top as she strolls with 
Liam Hemsworth in Malibu after donating $500K to Hurricane Harvey 
victims.

'She hasn't got very long to live': Katie Price reveals 
devastation after beloved mother Amy is diagnosed with terminal 
lung illness... days after confirming her marriage is over.

Sugababes star Heidi Range looks exquisite in silk sheath gown as 
she shares stunning snap with beloved husband Alex Partakis to 
mark one year wedding anniversary.

Model on the move! Naomi Campbell embraces summer in seasonal 
white dress as she touches down in Venice.

Hippie chic! Caitlyn Jenner beats the heat in flowing boho 
inspired blouse for outing in Malibu with gal pal .

'Too many people are neurotic about being thin': TV queen Kirstie 
Allsopp on how her fussy children and too many bacon sarnies 
inspired her to write a new family cookbook .

Kick off! Taylor Swift unveils peppy new anthem song Ready For It 
during college football game...and there's no sign of revenge in 
the track.

The star attraction! Emma Stone playfully steals the limelight at 
the Telluride Film Festival in Colorado.

Michelle Heaton flashes her taut stomach in a cropped jumper as 
she poses with her sweet children for NOW TV Trolls Beauty Salon 
party.

Amelia Lily puts on a leggy display in semi sheer minidress as 
she steps out for dinner... after sparking romance rumours 
following cosy display with CBB housemate Sam Thompson.

Cheryl returns to the spotlight as she displays INCREDIBLE 
post-baby body while greeting fans and posing with bandmate 
Nicola Roberts at star-studded Game 4 Grenfell charity match.

Kelly Brook showcases her incredibly ample assets and voluptuous 
curves in sizzling underwear shots... after fans accused her of 
Photoshopping her bikini pics.

Amazing Grace battles mother-of-three former chip shop worker to 
be Cowell's 'new Adele' on The X Factor .

Their BFF! Kristen Stewart and girlfriend Stella Maxwell hit the 
New York City streets with newly adopted canine Trip.

Retail therapy: Selena Gomez is edgy in leather motorcycle jacket 
as she spends day vintage shopping with The Weeknd... after 
Instagram scandal.

Mel B 'took cocaine in front of her children' as she battled an 
addiction to drugs and alcohol, ex-Spice Girl's husband claims in 
explosive court papers .

Hot property! Former Wiggle Sam Moran set to auction off his cosy 
yellow door Rozelle cottage after paying $955,000 in 2011.

Seems like old times! Lisa Rinna goes bra-less in tank 
top...after revealing she will be BACK as Billie Reed on Days Of 
Our Lives next year.

He's back on the prowl! Scott Disick cuts a casual figure as he 
steps out with mystery girl at local chili festival.

X Factor contestant Kayleigh Taylor sends Twitter fans wild as 
she flaunts her 'Simon Cowell' lower back tattoo... before giving 
a surprisingly stunning performance on launch night.

SPOILER ALERT: Max Branning attacks Steven Beale as Jane 
threatens to expose their lies in an explosive row in EastEnders.

'It gives me a reason to get up in the morning': X Factor's 
Frankie Cocozza reveals he turned his back on fame for £7.50 an 
hour building site job... and blew £200K on booze.

Angelina Jolie is wonder in white as she sweetly embraces Sareum 
Srey Moch while premiering their movie First They Killed My 
Father at Telluride.

'It's not easy being a parent': Simon Baker reveals the secret to 
being a great father is 'constantly being there'... as actor 
poses for Stellar shoot.

Playing bridesmaid! Taylor Swift is an attentive friend at 
Abigail Anderson's wedding in Martha's Vineyard after THAT music 
video made waves.

'It's made me reflect on my own experience': Actress Danielle 
Cormack opens up about her humbling journey to Uganda for charity.

Mermaid hair! Blac Chyna debuts new wig at LA airport as she jets 
off to Atlanta to host yet another party.

TOWIE star James 'Arg' Argent steps out sporting bandages and 
bruising following his £6,500 nose job... as he reveals he hopes 
to look like Ray Liotta following FOUR stone weight loss.

Animal-loving Anais Gallagher rocks red boiler suit and U2 
t-shirt as she puts on a lively display with mum Meg Matthews and 
cute pooches at PupAid fundraiser.

Matt Damon puts on an affectionate display with his gorgeous wife 
Luciana Barroso as the pair attend the Suburbicon screening at 
the 74th annual Venice Film Festival.

Rebecca Hall flashes her incredible legs in thigh-high split 
dress for star-studded Suburbicon premiere at Venice Film 
Festival .

Look away, Ashton! Mila Kunis slips on sexy blonde wig to lock 
lips with co-star Sam Heughan while filming The Spy Who Dumped Me.

Doting dad David Beckham clutches onto daughter Harper's hand 
while followed by sons Romeo and Cruz... as he takes his brood 
for a family workout.

New mum Amal Clooney shows off her sensational post-baby body in 
dazzling blue gown as she joins husband George for Venice date 
night... three months after twins' arrival.

Keeping Up With Kylie! Ms Jenner shares sizzling Instagram 
portrait before jetting off with best friend Jordyn Woods.

'My boyfriend is younger than him!': Nicole Scherzinger, 39, goes 
wild for VERY attractive contestant Sam Black, 27... as the 
drama-filled launch night of X Factor kicks off.

Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display in sheer army style top 
as she cuddles her adorable dog Snoop at PupAid.

Nicole Scherzinger reveals cheeky X Factor contestants ask her on 
dates... as Sharon Osbourne hints at feud between female judges.

Olivia Buckland puckers up to Alex Bowen while Gabby Allen shows 
off her toned figure in a bodycon red dress... as reality stars 
flock to Creme De La Creme Ball.

Never too far from Albert Square! EastEnders star Lacey Turner 
puffs on a cigarette while her fiancé Matt Kaye picks up a pizza 
as they enjoy a low-key date night.

Roxy Jacenko and husband Oliver Curtis enjoy a pre-Father's day 
dinner in Sydney... as PR queen denies couple were SNUBBED by 
Sunrise host David Koch who dined at the same restaurant.

She won't be meeting his  kids? Kendall Jenner 'having fun' in LA 
with Blake Griffin as they enjoy romantic Italian dinner... but 
soon she's back to NYC.

Hair's looking at you! Robert Pattinson shows off buzzcut with a 
spot of blonde... which looks strikingly similar to ex Kristen 
Stewart's cropped coif.

Zoe Ball cuts a casual figure in a jade leather jacket at Radio 
2... after 'finding solace in ex-husband Norman Cook following 
death of her beau Billy Yates'.

Geordie phwoar! Leggy Vicky Pattison sizzles as she slips her 
eye-popping curves into a plunging hot pink swimsuit in Marbella.

Kimberly Garner flashes her taut midriff in tiny crop-top as she 
cuddles up to adorable pet dog Sasha at star-studded PupAid event 
.

Now that's an entrance! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown 
models futuristic sunglasses and unusual sweatshirt at Brazil 
airport.

'We've had an awfully magical time:' X Factor winners Alex Kinsey 
and Sierra Deaton of the band Alex & Sierra announce they've 
split.

Understated Rita Ora gives passionate performance at Game 4 
Grenfell charity match... following her previous emotional 
revelation that the tower was her 'childhood haunt'.

Taylor Swift shows support to victims of Hurricane Harvey as she 
donates to Houston Food Bank in honor of mother who attended 
city's university.

'Were we spending night together? Yes, perhaps': Office worker, 
29, who 'kissed and hugged' Wayne Rooney is seen in her VW Beetle 
- as pregnant Coleen flies back home.

'She said yes!': Diana Glenn becomes engaged to media identity 
Adam Zammit... confirming break up with troubled actor Vince 
Colosimo.

How to CopyKate! Nude heels, ballet pumps and a 'click pen' 
concealer are among royal insider's A-Z of fashion secrets to 
turn YOU into a princess.

Busty Jennifer Lawrence, 27, tries to keep a low profile as she 
jets into the Venice Film Festival in pretty summer frock with 
director boyfriend Darren Aronofsky, 48.

'I never wanted to split up': Newly-single Katie Price reveals 
she still loves ex Peter Andre... as their son Junior scolds her 
for 'showing off her private parts'.

'Feeling the heat': Kourtney Kardashian strips down to her sports 
bra as she poses with sexy roommate Larsa Pippen on a hike in 
Calabasas.

Marco Pierre White Jr flashes his heavily inked chest in open 
shirt as he puts on affectionate display with girlfriend 
Francesca Suter .

'With my favourite': Stunning Lucy Mecklenburgh declares her love 
for boyfriend Ryan Thomas as they attend a lavish wedding 
together in Lake Como.

So in love! Kourtney Kardashian, 38, wraps her arms around beau 
Younes Bendjima, 24, as they kiss like teenagers at Malibu 
carnival.

GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Robert Peston goes public with his writer 
girlfriend Charlotte Edwardes - and the couple have even bought a 
dog together.

GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Tetchy Nicole Scherzinger bans guests at the 
launch of her new perfume for mentioning 'ageing' and 'wrinkles' .

GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Salma Hayek puts her foot in it by showing off 
her lavish designer shoe collection on Instagram before quickly 
deleting the post.

GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Peter Crouch is called a scally by his WAG Abbey 
Clancy for his appalling table manners.

They look good together! Vince Vaughn poses with Dexter vet 
Jennifer Carpenter for Brawl In Cell Block 99 event at Venice 
Film Festival.

Broccoli makes her smile! Mila Kunis looks happy after digging 
into her greens on the Amsterdam set of her new comedy.

Bikini-clad Lucy Watson showcases sensational physique in 
birdseye pool snap while sunning herself in Greek paradise island 
Mykonos.

Busty Joanna Krupa flaunts her sensational legs in split scarlet 
mini with sexy tailored blazer following TV appearance in her 
native Poland.

Nice jewelry! Chloe Green steps out with glamourous ring on 
finger...after denying engagement to 'hot felon' Jeremy Meeks.

'He's in a good place': Patti Newton says son Matthew has 'never 
been happier' but refuses to weigh in on rumours he has tied the 
knot with fiancée Catherine Schneiderman.

Light my fire! Kirsten Dunst strips down to her bra to smoke in 
moody promo for her new film Woodshock.

No shirt required! Bella Thorne leaves her top and bra at home to 
pose in a leopard-print fur coat in latest provocative social 
media post.

Emotional Jane Fonda, 79, dazzles in embellished gown as she 
embraces Robert Redford, 81, while scooping Lifetime Achievement 
awards at Venice Film Festival... after admitting she 'lives for' 
their sex scenes.

Kendall Jenner showcases toned torso in green bikini top as she 
hangs out with NBA star Blake Griffin...for the third day in a 
row.

Katie Price's estranged husband Kieran Hayler takes her daughter 
Princess to meet heroes Little Mix... as he continues to 'like' 
her pictures despite bitter split.

Melanie Sykes, 47, grabs a caffeine fix while showcasing perfect 
pins in skin-tight leggings... as she arrives for fill-in spot on 
Graham Norton's radio show.

Forever young! Jada Pinkett, 45, wears leather slacks at 
airport... after revealing husband Will Smith taught her THAT 
'grapefruit' sex move.

Beaming Mel B steps out in high spirits as she heads to lawyer's 
office in LA... amid ex-husband Stephen Belafonte's claims she 
has 'battled with cocaine and alcohol addiction' in declaration.

Naked Cara Delevingne enjoys a very racy romp with her hunky 
co-star in sizzling sex scene from new movie Tulip Fever.

MIC's Stephanie Pratt flaunts her legs in TINY dress as she joins 
Love Island beau Johnny Mitchell in getting faces painted at 
beauty bash... after putting on VERY steamy display .

'My show was full tonight': Katie Price lashes out at claims she 
failed to sell out her Preston show on UK tour... as she shares 
photo of packed out crowd.

'What's wrong with us?' Enraged Leslie Ash, 57, lashes out at TV 
chiefs as she laments losing work in her Fifties to younger 
actresses.

Taxi for two! Love Island's Danielle Sellers puts on a VERY busty 
display in sexy bralet as she heads home with stunning co-star 
Chyna Ellis from London night out.

Jamie Redknapp proudly wears his wedding ring as he plays in 
Grenfell Tower charity football match... as his wife Louise 
brushes off 'marital woes' with a girls' night out.

'Supergirl' series is 'ridiculous' without special effects and 
gets brutally compared to visually 'stunning' Mad Max movie.

Just the girls! Bella Hadid turns heads in sexy frock as she 
mingles with Taiwanese pop star Jolin Tsai at Bulgari  bash in 
Beijing.

'Sincere apologies': Sir Tom Jones, 77, postpones his US tour 
until next year on 'medical advice' ... as his fans send him well 
wishes for speedy recovery.

Scantily-clad Jemma Lucy showcases the results of her Brazilian 
Bum Lift as she flaunts her derriere in a high-cut swimsuit and 
sultry leather belt.

'She is beyond good and evil': Kanye West makes a statement with 
bold T-shirt slogan... as feud with Taylor Swift continues to 
escalate.

Making them green with envy! Kourtney Kardashian bares her svelte 
midriff in ripped crop top and sporty emerald sweatpants.

Newlyweds Duncan Bannatyne, 68, and his wife Nigora Whitehorn, 
37, tuck into their lunch... as they enjoy a romantic arm-in-arm 
stroll in London.

How the other half live! Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez 
playfully pretend to try yanking wallet from billionaire Warren 
Buffett... who just turned 87.

Mel B battled cocaine and alcohol addiction and agreed to take 
medication to ensure she would be 'safe' around her kids, 
bombshell texts reveal .

Daenerys And Gabbana: GOT's Emilia Clarke dazzles in plunging 
gown as she joins on-screen lover Kit Harington for D&G fragrance 
campaign... following THAT controversial sex scene.

'It was fun!': Javier Bardem says he enjoyed working with Spanish 
siren wife Penelope Cruz for THIRD TIME as they filmed Pablo 
Escobar movie.

Mel B  steps out with hairdresser Gary Madatyan and her daughter 
Madison in LA... as 'smitten' star continues her romance with a 
married police officer.

'Hello, Mr Trump!': Matt Damon reveals that Donald Trump's cameo 
in Home Alone 2 only happened because he DEMANDED a part be 
written for him if film used his building .

'I lactated onto Richard Chamberlain's bare chest!' Jane Seymour 
says breastfeeding mishap during The Thorn Birds audition lost 
her the role and left her so 'devastated' she's never watched the 
miniseries.

It's a girl! Serena Williams give birth to her first child with 
Reddit co-founder fiance Alexis Ohanian, after her Palm Beach 
hospital shut down an entire floor to prepare for the baby's 
arrival.

Princess Charlene exudes classic glamour as she joins her husband 
Prince Albert of Monaco and the royal twins for annual 
end-of-summer picnic (and the whole country is invited!).

Back together! Josh Peck films his emotional reunion with Drake 
Bell... after famously leaving him off his wedding guest list.

Former TOWIE star Amy Childs flaunts sensational post-baby body 
FOUR months after giving birth... as she steps out in a 
thigh-grazing mini dress with daughter Polly at beauty event.

'Is that Sinitta?' Lookalike X Factor contestant sends audience 
wild as she strips down for saucy audition... leaving Simon 
Cowell agog.

'I was born with a certain issue that I have to struggle with': 
Ryan Phillippe discusses his ongoing battle with depression and 
reveals he has 'no shame' over the 'taboo' illness.

Ink Masters star Chris Blinston arrested for felony domestic 
battery after 'TWICE choking daughter, 13, causing her to stop 
breathing for 10 seconds'.

'It's important to keep our audience interested': Simon Cowell 
admits to Strictly rivalry ahead of X Factor launch... after last 
year's show waltzed ahead with 5MILLION more viewers .

Sienna Miller makes an exit from the Apollo theatre in a trendy 
neon orange jumper after another spell-binding performance of Cat 
On A Hot Tin Roof.

Strictly star Lisa Riley who shed 12st but still hated her body 
reveals how she was left with unsightly rolls of loose skin which 
rubbed red raw .

Hot stuff! Charlize Theron beats the heat as she flashes legs in 
edgy jean mini skirt and tank top.

'I have gained a healthy amount of weight': Gaz Beadle's pregnant 
girlfriend Emma McVey lashes out at online trolls as she displays 
her TINY half-way bump.

Saturday nights are ready to sparkle! Strictly's Ruth Langsford, 
57, oozes glamour in dazzling ballgown as she joins co-stars 
Mollie King and Alexandra Burke for teaser trailer.

Singer Lulu, 68, turns heads as she puts on an animated display 
while stepping out in London sporting double denim and coral red 
lipstick .

'It's really important and should be available': Olivia 
Newton-John speaks for the first time about how 'medical 
cannabis' is helping her beat breast cancer.

Delighted Zendaya celebrates her 21st birthday with 
Tupac-inspired cake...as she vows to stay sober.

That was Swift! Taylor's feisty comeback track Look What You Made 
Me Do lands singer her first number one in the UK charts in its 
debut week.

Ready for the weekend! Jennie Garth looks effortlessly glam in 
grey romper and sheer shawl after sweaty LA hike.

Taylor Lautner parties with Jason Kennedy's wife Lauren 
Scruggs... less than two months after split with Carrie Fisher's 
daughter Lourd.

From the running track to the rollercoaster! Mo Farah enjoys a 
wild ride as he takes overjoyed son Hussein, four, for Legoland 
day out.

EXCLUSIVE: Kimono-clad Victoria Beckham reveals how to achieve 
her smouldering eyes in make-up tutorial... as she flashes 
eye-popping bling and faded tattoo.

Hey mama! Hilary Duff puts toned figure on display in leggings 
and tank top as she runs errands in LA.

Sending temperatures soaring! Sofia Richie leaves little to the 
imagination in sheer black top as she covers up in sporty 
trousers.

Sean Stewart rings in 37th birthday with dad Rod and ageless mum 
Alana, 72... as they are joined by VERY scantily-clad female pals.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drunk Charlotte Crosby is seen stumbling in 
the street... as Stephen Bear embarrasses her by filming her 
VOMITING out of a taxi .

Fifth Harmony put on show-stopping performance in futuristic hot 
pants... after THAT VMAs swipe at former bandmate Camila Cabello.

Hats off to you! Susan Sarandon, 70, displays her VERY quirky 
sense of style as she joins leggy Julianne Moore, 56, at Venice 
Film Festival.

Tom Hiddleston looks brooding as he makes his debut as Hamlet for 
160 lucky fans in intimate production of the Shakespeare tragedy.

Holly Willo-ZOO-by! Presenter hits the safari park as she shares 
hilarious snap while feeding giraffe... days ahead of This 
Morning return after break.

I'm A Celeb excitement reaches fever pitch as Rebekah Vardy, Ryan 
Thomas, Calum Best and Megan McKenna are tipped for the jungle.

Naked ambition! Kim Kardashian releases brand new products 
featuring throwback photos...including THAT infamous nude selfie.

Colin Firth puts on a glamorous front with his stunning wife 
Livia at Chopard party... before the pair get soaked as they 
attend the Franca Sozzani award during the 74th Venice Film 
Festival.

She's the mane attraction! Chloe Grace Moretz gets her tresses 
touched up after 'confirming' reunion with Brooklyn Beckham.

Freaky Friday: Bella Thorne rocks black latex bodysuit to show 
off her chest and abs before kicking off weekend.

Doting dad! Robin Thicke, 40, enjoys walk with son Julian... 
after announcing he and girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, are 
expecting child.

Ruffling a few feathers! Laura Dern, 50, steals the spotlight in 
a quirky minidress as she scoops achievement award at the 
Deauville American Film Festival in France.

Eyes Wide Shut actress claims she was shunned by friends and 
attacked on social media after she took the 'risky' decision to 
come out as a conservative in Hollywood.

Malcolm In The Middle's Frankie Muniz cuts a cool figure holding 
hands with girlfriend as he is set to compete in Dancing With The 
Stars.

Spreading the love! Beyonce leads the stars and sports world in 
congratulating Serena Williams and Alexis Ohanian on birth of 
baby girl.

Stunning Laura Dern, 50, showcases her ageless looks in a 
sophisticated shirt dress as she receives honour at 43rd 
Deauville US Film Festival.

Next stop Hollywood? A Place To Call Home actress Marta 
Dusseldorp leases her swanky Paddington terrace for $1700 a week 
after hinting at a possible move to the US.

Is it over? Heather Graham and Tommy Alastra 'call it quits after 
more than a year together'.

Family time! Yolanda Hadid cosies up to daughter Gigi during 
get-together with Zayn Malik and his mother Trisha.

'He's a blast and so talented': Director Ron Howard reveals Paul 
Bettany has joined the cast of the Star Wars Han Solo spinoff 
movie.

Dating All Night! Ella Eyre looks very cosy with a hunky mystery 
man as they enjoys a romantic hand-in-hand stroll around London.

'That was such an embarrassing moment!' Girl's Trip star Jada 
Pinkett Smith admits she was left red faced after nearly being 
KILLED by a truck while riding a motorcycle.

His biggest fan! Newlywed Kate Mara cuddles up to husband Jamie 
Bell as she shows her support for him at the Telluride Film 
Festival.

Witness the fitness! Modern Family's Sarah Hyland slips into a 
tank top and tight leggings as she heads to the gym.

'You smell like you have a lot of alcohol on your breath!' 
Britney Spears calls out drunk fan during Las Vegas concert.

From Star Trek to Scotland! Chris Pine dons chain mail armour and 
rides on horseback as he films Netflix period drama Outlaw King 
with James Cosmo.

'I feel like my life is over': Kendall Jenner is criticized by 
Kim Kardashian as she breaks her silence over Pepsi ad 
controversy in KUWTK season 14 sneak peek.

Love Island's Tyla Carr flaunts her sensational physique in 
scanty red bikini as she enjoys fun and frolics of the shores in 
Mallorca.

Time to celebrate! Ashlee Simpson looks stylish in a silk kimono 
jacket as she toasts third wedding anniversary with Evan Ross.

'We're not happy that it's been so timely': Elizabeth Moss 
compares The Handmaid's Tale to Donald Trump's administration .

'My little Armenian sister did us both proud': Cher celebrates 
Kim Kardashian's Harper's Bazaar Arabia photo spread inspired by 
the singer's 70s look.

Law And Order: SVU's Stephanie March marries businessman Dan 
Benton... just two years after split from celeb chef Bobby Flay.

Beautiful in black! Selma Blair is summery chic in black midi 
dress while out and about in LA.

Look away Luann! Tom D'Agostino beams while driving with mystery 
woman...  just WEEKS after divorce filing from RHONY star de 
Lesseps.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: New mum Danielle Bux cradles tiny baby Romy to 
her chest as she enjoys in low-key LA outing with beau Nate 
Greenwald.

Believe half of what you see! Corinne Olympios and DeMario 
Jackson 'are just friends' in spite of playful kissing scene in 
LA following Bachelor in Paradise scandal.

Throwing caution to the wind? Brazilian bombshell Isabeli Fontana 
suffers an unfortunate wardrobe malfunction as she poses sultrily 
in a fuchsia gown at Venice Film Festival.

Showing her what she's missing? The Bachelor's Richie Strahan 
flaunts his back muscles in workout video after ex Alex Nation 
announces same-sex relationship with Maegan Luxa.

'I want her to feel free and not so stressed about her body 
image': Pretty Little Liars Tammin Sursok reveals plans to spend 
more time in Australia for her 3-year-old daughter Phoenix  .

'I'm a beach girl at heart': Winter Olympic snowboarder Torah 
Bright says she 'loves the sun on her body' and has an aversion 
to the cold .

Leggy Kendall Jenner enjoys second consecutive date night with 
NBA star Blake Griffin amid claims she's 'keeping her options 
open'.

Red-y for fall: Justin Timberlake steps out in a chunky cardigan 
amid rumors he's set to 'headline 2018 Super Bowl halftime show 
with Jay-Z'.

Blooming beautiful! A casual Jessica Gomes stuns Vogue's Fashion 
Night Out in form-fitting flared pants and a flirty denim jacket.

Last minute cravings? Heavily pregnant Danielle Lloyd takes her 
son Archie to McDonald's... as she steps out with fiancé Michael 
O'Neill ahead of her approaching due date.

'It's dadda on the telly!' Michelle Bridges son Axel, 1, gets 
ecstatic after noticing his dad on the TV .

Kate Wright flaunts her ample cleavage and taut stomach in a 
plunging printed co-ord as she enjoys a relaxing evening on the 
beach.

Newly-engaged Andrea McLean, 47, flaunts her HUGE diamond ring as 
she cosies up to fiancé Nick Feeney outside ITV studios.

She's got specs appeal! Jennifer Lopez wears geek chic glasses as 
she shows off toned legs in a leopard print mini-dress in NYC 
with Alex Rodriguez .

She means business! Leggy Reese Witherspoon beats the heat in a 
cute denim mini and red top as she attends a lunch meeting in LA .

Blade runner Strictly star is a Fred ringer! Paralympian Jonnie 
Peacock puts on his top hat for our 'Astaire' photoshoot.

'Billie is back!' Lisa Rinna confirms she will return to Days Of 
Our Lives in episodes due to air early 2018.

Former Victoria's Secret Angel Karolina Kurkova flaunts her long 
legs underneath a sheer pink dress as she attends the Franca 
Sozzani Award during the 74th Venice Film Festival.

Ex-Scientologist Leah Remini slams the church for hypocrisy for 
not forcing pal Jennifer Lopez's father to 'disconnect' from his 
famous daughter.

Mandy Moore gets stitches and black eye after  shower door 
accident... as This Is Us crew adorably have make-up done for 
solidarity.

Jennifer Garner FINALLY joins Instagram after claiming she 
'wasn't interesting enough'... and quickly pulls in more than 
100,000 followers.

The Price ain't right! Katie brushes off her marriage woes as she 
kicks off new UK tour in Preston... but plays to empty seats 
after failing to sell out theatre.

He put a ring on it! Bachelor In Paradise couple Derek Peth and 
Taylor Nolan pack on the PDA as they celebrate their engagement.

Usher accuser believes singer is 'hiding his assets so he won't 
have to shell out $20 million' if he loses herpes case.

'He spent the day with James Lock!' Pete Wicks 'did not sleep' 
with Jemma Lucy on Christmas Day... after she insists they WERE 
intimate .

'If you were a man or footballer you'd be forgiven': Ex-England 
star Ian Wright backs Sky Sports presenter Kirsty Gallacher over 
her drink-drive shame.

The hardest working buttons in New York! Kim Kardashian shows off 
her generous cleavage as she goes braless beneath a straining 
cropped cardigan.

Braless Katie Price puts on VERY busty display in Cardiff... 
after rescheduling following split from Kieran Hayler and her 
mother's terminal diagnosis.

Bombshell in black! Kendall Jenner wows in glamorous gown  for 
Daily Front Row's Fashion Media Awards as she's named Fashion 
Icon Of The Decade.

The look of Love Island! Reality stars Jessica Shears, Dom Lever 
and Mike Thalassitis reveal the secret of their smiles .

No sibling rivalry here! Kaia Gerber rocks white mini dress while 
joined by brother Presley at Daily Front Row's Fashion Media 
Awards.

Sheer daring! Kourtney Kardashian and Larsa Pippen match in black 
see-through tops as they film KUWTK in LA.

Sister act! Gigi and Bella Hadid strut their stuff  on catwalk in 
white for Brandon Maxwell show as part of NYFW.

'It was just these explosive ideas:' Jennifer Lawrence speaks 
about her starring role in the mysterious and hotly anticipated 
new psychological horror film Mother!.

What a gent! Scott Disick strolls hand-in-hand with Kris Jenner 
as they arrive at Daily Front Row Fashion Media Awards.

The force is with Troy Bolton! Social media users go gaga over 
the VERY uncanny resemblance between Zac Efron's High School 
Musical character and Star War's Luke Skywalker.

Keeping up with her curves! Kim Kardashian reveals her underwear 
in see-through leggings...before changing into low-cut silver 
gown.

'I just want to say I love you': Beyonce is a hometown Houston 
hero as she speaks at longtime church for victims of Hurricane 
Harvey.

Host with the most...revealing outfit! Ashley Graham puts her 
curves on display in TINY sheer dress as she emcees the Daily 
Front Row Awards.

Pretty in pink! Selena Gomez dons high-neck shirt dress as she 
cuddles up to boyfriend The Weeknd for A-list Harper's Bazaar 
event.

'He beat me to within an inch of my life': Gemma Collins claims 
ex-boyfriend Alex Moss attacked her just ONE DAY before she 
jetted to Australia for I'm A Celeb.

Ruffling some feathers! Bella Thorne oozes old Hollywood glamour 
in flowy purple tulle gown at Daily Front Row Awards.

Double denim diva! Rihanna wears favorite jean jacket and 
matching denim boots ahead of her Puma collaboration at NYFW.

Flower power! Paris Jackson looks lovely in patterned number as 
she plants kiss on gal pal Caroline D'Amore at  Harper's Bazaar 
event.

'I am fed up of being defined as crazy': Sinead O'Connor gets 
emotional with Dr. Phil and says the best thing about her abusive 
mum was her death.

Eva Longoria, 42, sizzles as she shows off her toned legs and 
pert derriere in bodysuit for Haute Living shoot.

'My mum's final hours': As he brings a musical version of the TV 
drama Cilla to the stage, her son Robert Willis recalls the 
events leading up to her death.

White hot! Shay Mitchell and Malin Akerman sizzle in form-fitting 
jumpsuits at Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show.

Hot mama! Nikki Reed stuns in floral sheer dress  with Ian 
Somerhalder at event in LA... as she makes first red carpet 
appearance since giving birth.

Fancy seeing you here! Amelia Lily dazzles in stunning silver 
gown as she reunites with rumoured flame Sam Thompson at 
Inspirational Awards For Women.

A lot of Love (Island)! Olivia Buckland and Alex Bowen enjoy 
romantic dinner date in matching leather jackets and torn 
jeans...as they prepare to get married 'on show'.

'She said YES!' Jake Quickenden confirms engagement to Danielle 
Fogarty on his 29th birthday... as she describes his romantic 
proposal as a 'dream come true'.

EXCLUSIVE: Mel B arrives at court alongside her therapist as she 
faces off with ex-nanny Lorraine Gilles in latest showdown in 
divorce battle against Stephen Belafonte.

'I have filed for a divorce!' Amir Khan confirms split as he 
questions if estranged wife Faryal is even pregnant after 
'hearing about it on social media' .

She's still got it! Sharon Stone, 59, displays her cleavage in 
plunging scarlet maxi dress as she enjoys an afternoon in Rome.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Eva Longoria, 42, shows off her 
curves while getting steamy with husband Jose Baston during 
fun-filled Greek getaway.

Mo bounce! Rapper Iggy Azalea covers her ample bust with nothing 
but her hands as she goes topless in racy selfies ...and hints 
she's working on 'top secret stuff'.

Kiss from a rose! Bachelor star Sharleen Joynt wears stunning 
backless gown as she ties the knot with Andy Levine.

'If I hadn't come on Loose Women I may still be married!' Kerry 
Katona admits she was on TV when ex-husband Brian McFadden first 
met Delta Goodem.

Zoë Kravitz shows off her endless pins in a black crushed velvet 
minidress as she attends the Venice Film Festival screening of 
Racer And The Jailbird.

Gwyneth Paltrow poses TOPLESS in mud to cover Goop's first $15 
print edition (in which she gets bee venom injections in her 
C-section scar).

A novel look! Fearne Cotton teams stripes with striking scarlet 
trousers as she promotes her FIRST children's book.

Top of the league! WAG Rebekah Vardy cuts a stylish figure in 
figure-hugging backless dress as she and a ravishing Jorgie 
Porter lead the glamour at Inspiration for Women Awards.

Come on Barbie let's go party! Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves shows 
off his carefully crafted six-pack as he frolics on the beach 
with thong bikini-clad Life On Marbs star Danni Levy.

Poppy Delevingne sparkles in golden robe as she makes a stylish 
arrival  at New York Fashion Week.

'My boys are very sexy': Heidi Klum gushes over the looks of her 
sons Henry, 11 and Johan, 10, and says they have 'rocking bodies'.

Pregnant Coleen Rooney is seen WITHOUT her wedding ring as storm 
over husband Wayne's drink-drive with another woman grows .

Stacey Solomon puts on a busty display in sweeping floor-length 
magenta gown as she attends Inspiration Awards in London.

Beauty in blue! Today Show host Lisa Wilkinson reveals where her 
lilac trench coat came from after 'a lot of requests' were made 
by fans to own it.

'Would my body be your wonderland?': Nicki Minaj puts on VERY 
busty display at Monse fashion show... after flirting with John 
Mayer on Twitter.

Miley Cyrus is left red-faced as she's forced to answer sex 
questions in front of her gran on Ellen... and reveals Liam is 
'like a Concord jet in bed'.

'Why is James Nesbitt dancing?' Viewers left baffled over Cold 
Feet's 'bonkers' musical dream sequence... as series seven starts 
with Tina GIVING BIRTH to a King Charles Spaniel.

Not clowning around! IT SMASHES multiple Thursday night preview 
records with $13.5 million opening.

Margot Robbie is unrecognisable in full make-up as Queen Mary 
Elizabeth I she takes a break on the set of historical epic Mary 
Queen of Scots.

The lure of the lord! Scott Disick hits the club for a second 
date with Justin Bieber's ex Audreyana Michelle.

Peek-a-boo! Jessica Chastain flashes just a hint of cleavage 
thanks to sequined split top dress at TIFF premiere of Molly's 
Game.

'Sad to have been airbrushed when you share your life for 10 
years!' Denise Welch and Carol McGiffin lash out at Loose Women 
after show fails to credit them during 18th anniversary episode.

Lady Gaga shows off her cleavage in a plunging pink coat and PVC 
flares as she attends Toronto Film Festival of documentary Five 
Foot Two.

Hair we go! Kourtney Kardashian flicks her long locks as she 
laughs with friends at birthday party.

Flat out: Victoria Beckham shuns her beloved staggering heels in 
favour of comfy sandals with loose trousers in NYC... after TV 
tutorial is blasted.

'Look at those beautiful eyes!' Kelly Clarkson gushes over Hoda 
Kotb's 'precious' daughter Haley Joy as she and her 
three-year-old River meet.

Puppy love! Megan McKenna enjoys a playful pub date with Pete 
Wicks and their pet dogs Daisy and Eric... after her debut single 
climbs to number one.

Mischievous Mia Tindall playfully sticks her tongue out during a 
VERY animated chat with her adorable pal as she joins Zara and 
Princess Anne.

'This woman. The struggles. The success. The smile. It's all 
there': Karl Stefanovic shares moving photo meditating with 
Olivia Newton-John ahead of tell-all interview on breast cancer 
diagnosis.

Rocker Noel Gallagher shares a hug with beloved mother Peggy as 
he returns to his hometown ahead of We Are Manchester concert.

Baby on board! Make-up free Jools Oliver is the mum-on-the-go as 
she carries her and Jamie's cute one-year-old son River Rocket in 
a papoose .

No boys allowed! Made In Chelsea girls Georgia Toffolo, Tiffany 
Watson and Olivia Bentley hit the town in skimpy ensembles for 
theatrical night out  .

Leggy lady! Selena Gomez steps out in mini skirt and leather 
boots...hours after boyfriend The Weeknd was spotted leaving her 
NYC apartment.

X Factor hopeful gives tearful apology over calling former friend 
a P*** - but denies she is a racist .

Sun's out, guns out! Chris Pratt shows off his bulging biceps as 
he heads to the gym in LA... a month after Anna Faris split.

Leona Lewis looks in great spirits as she heads to lunch in 
Beverly Hills in high-waisted statement flares and a tiny white 
crop top.

Model of the moment! Leonardo DiCaprio parties the night away 
with new girl Lorena Rae.

£131m Lewis Hamilton reveals what life is really like at 
glittering Monaco GP aboard £765k a week yacht with parties, 
water sports and bikini-clad beauties.

Suits her! Kendall Jenner keeps it casual in off-the-shoulder 
pinstriped jumpsuit for day out in New York.

Making a statement! Kendall Jenner turns heads as she poses 
alongside a Labour Party poster in W Magazine.

Catwalk queens! Bella Hadid sashays in stripes while Lily 
Aldridge closes the show in sheer gown for Jason Wu Spring 2018 
at NYFW.

'I meannnnn... how cute!' Kim Kardashian gushes over Kanye 
snuggling North as they prepare for surrogate birth of new 
daughter.

Emily Blunt looks stylish in a colourful patterned midi dress as 
she poses with fellow English actress Vanessa Kirby at New York 
Fashion Week.

'He just watched it and he just started doin' it': Bobby Brown 
says HE taught Michael Jackson how to do the iconic moonwalk 
dance.

EXCLUSIVE: How Bette Davis fell apart after learning of her 
daughter's malicious book claiming she was an alcoholic 
child-beater.

Pregnant Jessica Alba displays baby bump in a tight black midi 
dress as she joins Heidi Klum at Project Runway NYFW event.

EXCLUSIVE: 'Everyone wants to work with me now!' Megan McKenna 
wows in red dress as sexy barmaid for new music video... as she 
reveals doors are opening for her.

Sheer delight! Hailey Baldwin wears beige see-through top and 
skinny jeans for late lunch during NYFW.

Pregnant Nicky Hilton shows off her baby bump in a cherry-print 
minidress as she leads the glamour at W's 'It Girl' NYFW luncheon.

Maggie Gyllenhaal and Kate Mara look elegant as they lead the 
turnout at Club Monaco's NYFW presentation .

'Did they break up?' Fans speculate that Perrie and Alex 
Oxlade-Chamberlain have split... as trolls brand her a 'f**king 
b***h' over his move to Liverpool FC.

 Jane Fonda tells what made her fall for her husbands, her 
regrets as a parent - and why she'll never have a man living in 
her house again.

Has he FINALLY learnt her language? Chris Hemsworth shares 
hilarious video speaking Spanish... after wife Elsa Pataky 
claimed he hadn't used her native tongue after SIX years.

My haven, Jon Culshaw:  The impressionist, comedian and 
astronomer, 49, in the dining room of his home in West Lancashire.

Mia Tindall holds hands with Zara and Princess Anne at Gatcombe 
Park before ditching them for an adorable pal (and he has his own 
royal connections!).

Unlucky-in-love actress Sienna Miller celebrates her one 
relationship that has lasted with 25th anniversary picture with 
best friend Tori Cook .

The show must go on... again! Live Aid stage is transported to a 
muddy field as filming for Freddie Mercury biopic starring gets 
underway .

Plum princess! Heidi Klum shows off her cleavage and long legs in 
plunging purple mini-dress at Project Runway's NYFW finale.

Busted! Hilary Duff looks glum as she finds parking ticket on her 
car while out in LA.

TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou shows off her sensational physique in 
scanty gold bikini as she smoulders on Marbella beach  .

Salma Hayek wows in form-fitting red pussybow dress as she cosies 
up to Sienna Miller who wears kooky lilac and gold number to 
charity event.

'I'm so proud!' Kelsey Grammer's daughter Mason struts the 
catwalk at New York Fashion week... as model mom Camille watches 
proudly.

Margot Robbie looks stylish in stripes as she brings some glamour 
to Toronto Film Festival ahead of the I, Tonya premiere.

What would Lionel say? Sofia Richie struts her stuff in a 
completely sheer hooded dress on the catwalk at Jeremy Scott's 
New York Fashion Week show.

My lazy, druggie boyfriend refuses to move out.

.

'You couldn't f*** with me if you wanted to': Busty beauty Demi 
Rose shows off her famous curves as she poses with golden gun in 
shock snap.

Has he been unfaithful? Karl Stefanovic looks 'uncomfortable' 
hopping into an Audi... after years of being 'gifted' Mercedes 
Benz cars in return for 'hosting gigs' for the brand.

Giddy-up mommy! Uma Thurman gives daughter Luna, five, a 
piggyback ride through Central Park.

Rock-hard Roxy! Sydney PR queen flaunts washboard abs and 
cleavage in leopard-print crop top and matching tights.

That's not LADY-like behaviour! Victoria Hervey and best friend 
Nikki Lund lark about taking selfies in LA suburbs... before 
heading to a party.

Halle Berry gets a lap dance surprise from co-star Channing 
Tatum... as she admits actor's whiskey dare made her 'sick for 
three days'.

So that's how she does it! Heather Graham displays slim figure in 
a tank top as she leaves yoga class.

Rocking the rock! Cara Santana shows off sparkling engagement 
ring from Jesse Metcalfe as she hits New York Fashion Week.

From perky to plunging! Braless Suki Waterhouse exudes off-duty 
model cool in a cropped T-shirt... before changing into VERY 
risqué open shirt in NYC.

Janet Jackson, 51, shows off her incredible post-baby figure in 
chic Nineties-style outfits as she's seen performing in concert 
for the first time since giving birth .

Plaid's the way to do it! Irina Shayk shows off her toned legs in 
a checked shirt dress as she dotes over baby Lea while out with 
friends in NYC .

Fighting Jaws was a doddle compared to mastering a self-service 
checkout! Roger Moore's last memoir revealed how modern life left 
him shaken and stirred.

Fancy seeing you here! Karolina Kurkova bumps into Antonio 
Banderas and girlfriend Nicole Kimpel during a family dinner date 
in Rome.

Justin Bieber's braless ex Chantel Jeffries puts on an 
eye-popping display as she flashes a mass of underboob in crop 
top at NYFW show.

'I told her not to do it': Nadine Coyle reveals she warned Sarah 
Harding not to take part in Celebrity Big Brother... after 
rushing to singer's defence.

Kristen Stewart holds hands with girlfriend Stella Maxwell as 
they share a bottle of wine over dinner.

Game of clones! Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas steal each other's 
style in sporty outfits as they step out with cute pet pooch in 
NYC .

Yummy mummy! Activewear-clad Laura Csortan shows off her enviable 
post-baby body  as she enjoys a bite to eat on the go in Bondi 
with nine-month-old daughter Layla Rose.

The mane attraction! Models make a serious style statement as 
they strut their stuff in colorful cotton candy-like wigs and 
giant bows at NYFW.

EXCLUSIVE: Bombshell video of Stephen Belafonte having sex with 
another woman - shot by Mel B - will be submitted as evidence in 
divorce.

That's a little McNaught-y! Heavily pregnant Erin shows off her 
cheeky side 'flipping the bird' as she prepares to give birth to 
her second son.

Perky Rihanna leaves NOTHING to the imagination as she goes 
braless in a sheer crop top before grappling with her racy 
sandals at NYFW launch.

Reese Witherspoon risks ruining stunning fuchsia mini as she has 
popcorn poured over her head in hilarious Tonight Show skit.

Back to black! Lady Gaga ditches her usual zany attire for 
low-key ensemble as she reveals she's taking a break from music 
at Toronto Film Festival.

Talk about fast fashion! Vogue editrix Anna Wintour is seen 
'sprinting' out of Tom Ford's NYFW show to watch pal Roger 
Federer lose at the US Open.

Stephanie Davis flaunts her ample cleavage by going TOPLESS under 
a bathrobe... after cruel trolls jibe her for spelling her son's 
name wrong.

Ellen Page and girlfriend Emma Portner stroll arm in arm... after 
revealing filming lesbian romance with best friend Kate Mara was 
'intense'.

TOWIE's Chloe Meadows introduces new beau Taylor Barnett to 
screens as she films PDA-packed tennis match with fellow loved-up 
pair Amber and Chris.

Braless Amanda Holden, 46, strips down to just a white shirt as 
she offers fans a sizzling glimpse into her pre-party routine in 
steamy snaps.

Italian actress Giglia Marra accidentally flashes her underwear 
with VERY revealing thigh split dress as she attends Venice Film 
Festival premiere.

'He didn't need a society type': Irish presenter reveals why his 
'old friend' Meghan Markle is the perfect match for 'rock and 
roll' Prince Harry.

The wait is over! As Rihanna officially drops her make-up line, 
Fenty Beauty, FEMAIL details everything you need to know about 
the sure-to-sell-out range.

Armie Hammer-starring film that is expected to be a major 
contender at the Oscars features a character who masturbates into 
a peach.

New mom Behati Prinsloo admits she works out as little as ONCE a 
week 'if I'm really being lazy' as she gets set to return to the 
Victoria's Secret Show.

Outrage as Jennifer Lawrence claims Hurricane Harvey and Irma are 
Mother Nature's revenge on Trump for his attitude towards global 
warming .

Who goes? Johnny, Jane, Abi and Steven are among seven major 
characters who could be killed off tonight after a fire, a 
shooting, and a crash in EastEnders.

Ireland Baldwin flashes her cleavage in sexy bodysuit as she 
joins Christie Brinkley's daughter Sailor for wild night out... 
after models moved in together.

She's glowing! Olivia Newton-John makes her first red carpet 
appearance since second breast cancer diagnosis as she attends 
fundraiser.

Pascal Craymer, 30, looks glum at the gym in neon crop top... 
just days after love interest Nick Knowles, 54, was spotted with 
a stunning mystery brunette.

Megan Fox looks showstopping in a feathered semi-sheer gown as 
she storms the catwalk at the Fashion Fest AW17 show in Mexico.

Braless Tallia Storm flashes her lingerie in perilously slashed 
sheer gown as she steps out of private jet for VERY racy music 
video.

'He's not harming anyone': Brian Austin Green says he and wife 
Megan Fox have no problem with son Noah, four, wanting to wear 
dresses.

'It's almost gone now!': Charlotte Crosby reveals the tattoo she 
had dedicated to her ex boyfriend has nearly disappeared after 
laser removal.

Katie Holmes pulls a variety of animated expressions as she takes 
in the US Open tennis... four days after publicly confirming 
romance with Jamie.

Ola Jordan goes topless as husband James rubs in sun lotion 
during romantic Skiathos getaway... while displaying relaxed 
post-Strictly figure.

Jean genie! Youthful Davina McCall, 49, turns back the clock as 
she channels pop group B*witched in 90's-style double denim.

Yves Saint Laurent's partner Pierre Bergé, who helped set up the 
fashion label and tirelessly campaigned for gay rights, dies aged 
86.

Gymnast Gabby Douglas reveals how the 'embarrassment' of falling 
SEVEN times in 2011 national championships spurred her to win 
Olympic gold.

Girls' night! Christina Milian shows off her ample cleavage in a 
plunging blue silk dress as she and busty BFF Karrueche Tran 
leave a birthday dinner.

Kendall Jenner puts on a busty display in barely-there mini-dress 
with low neckline as she joins leggy Bella Hadid for book launch.

Curves ahead! Kim Kardashian flashes her incredible abs and ample 
assets in a sizzling slashed LBD for book party during NYFW.

EXCLUSIVE: Who's the brunette, Amir? Boxing hero Khan forgets 
marriage troubles as he parties in Dubai with his hand on mystery 
woman's bottom.

'Some real regrets': James Packer pledges to have a 'quiet' 50th 
birthday bash in Argentina, free from 'diva pop star girlfriends 
and gleaming super yachts'.

What a find! Heidi Klum larks about in supermarket trolley as she 
takes the plunge in electric blue powersuit for the debut of her 
new line at NYFW.

She's a work of art! Queen Mathilde of Belgium dazzles in shades 
of pink on a whirlwind visit to Italy to take in the Venice 
Biennale.

Bootylicious Iggy Azalea shows off her peachy behind in 
figure-hugging white jeans at JFK airport... two months after 
denying bum implants.

Fancy seeing you here! Gigi Hadid delightedly greets sister Bella 
at star-studded fashion bash as she flashes a peek of bra in chic 
pyjama suit.

Not in such Top Gear: Wide-eyed Richard Hammond appears worse for 
wear following very animated night out at the RSPCA Animal Hero 
Awards.

Bella Thorne flashes her bra and toned legs in plunging 
semi-sheer bodysuit and leather leggings as she struts into 
Rihanna's party in New York City.

Bikini-clad Imogen Thomas oozes body confidence in yellow 
two-piece as she larks around with daughters in the sun... just 
weeks after breast reduction .

Braless Suki Waterhouse exudes off-duty model cool in a cropped 
T-shirt and chic Seventies-style flares as she steps out in New 
York.

The torch has been passed on! Cindy Crawford's daughter Kaia 
Gerber, 16, makes her NYFW debut as she walks the runway for 
Calvin Klein.

Elle Macpherson's billionaire husband 'plans to do a Jagger and 
deny that they were ever legally married' following their split .

'I'm confident, dynamic and memorable': $450m Cristiano Ronaldo 
promotes new aftershave with VERY animated snaps in Madrid.

Changing the subject? Katie Holmes shines in FOUR different 
outfits during busy day in New York... after going public with 
Jamie Foxx.

Not loving life in the fast lane? Dawn French looks glum as she's 
slapped with a parking ticket while shopping with friends.

Rihanna says if she could time travel she would go back to '10 
minutes before I lost my virginity' as she poses in plunging top 
for Elle cover.

Not your average delivery guy! Geordie Shore's Gaz Beadle 
surprises unsuspecting fans by dropping off a special Geordie 
Shore-themed burger.

Oh no, Fergie! Duchess flashes her underwear in an unfortunate 
wardrobe malfunction as she attends a charity party with Susan 
Sarandon.

EXCLUSIVE: Cheryl puts plans in motion to build multi-million 
extension which will DOUBLE the size of her and boyfriend Liam 
Payne's mansion.

'I threw up watching Paranormal Activity!' Love Island's Chris 
Hughes reveals he's 'completely petrified' as he prepares to 
enter a haunted house LIVE.

Carol Vorderman, 56, highlights her hourglass figure in navy 
jumpsuit while Lizzie Cundy, 47, leaves little to the imagination 
in cut-out dress at book launch.

Liv-ing it up: Miss Tyler flashes a hint of her purple bra under 
her sexy polka dot dress as she parties with fiancé Dave Gardner 
and Kate Moss.

'Working out with mama!' Fitness lover Elsa Pataky films her 
adorable five-year-old daughter India-Rose pumping iron on home 
gym equipment.

Pretty (hot) in pink! Liverpool FC striker Danny Ings's blonde 
bombshell girlfriend Georgia Mae Gibbs flaunts her cleavage in a 
tiny bikini in shoot.

Paloma Faith displays her slim figure in eccentric ensemble with 
socks and shoes... after revealing she could not walk for TWO 
MONTHS after 20-hour childbirth.

Hilary Duff looks radiant as she shows off her charitable side by 
helping to raise funds for low-income families at Baby2Baby event.

'They squash your boobs': Dame Joan Collins, 84, reveals her 
disgust for nude love scenes... and why she's thrilled she never 
moved to Trump Towers.

'His mum taught him to cook? I was married to her, she couldn't 
boil a bloody egg!' Bake Off star Steven Carter-Bailey's father 
wades into 'professional' row.

Holy Moly! VS Angels Candice Swanepoel, Adriana Lima and Lily 
Aldridge flaunt their lingerie model figures in skimpy outfits at 
NYFW book launch.

Thigh's the limit! Rihanna shows off her killer figure in kinky 
boots and strapless dress at Times Square launch of her Fenty 
Beauty line.

'I had no idea you were so bendy!' Kate Garraway teases red-faced 
Freddie Flintoff as she snoops through his photos after he left 
his phone behind on GMB.

Dip it (Har)low! Winnie puts on a VERY leggy display in just an 
oversized white t-shirt as she cuts shapes during New York 
Fashion Week.

'Is this baby ever going to make an appearance?' Pregnant 
Danielle Lloyd grows impatient for her child's arrival as she 
cradles her HUGE bump.

Robert Pattinson embraces 'gender fluid' dressing in skin-tight 
orange turtle neck and neon pink trousers as he reveals how he 
went undercover for his film.

Pregnant Danniella Westbrook slips her baby bump into pretty pink 
bardot frock as she embarks on a pampering day in Spain.

Natalie Dormer flashes underboob in semi-sheer dress on The 
Jonathan Ross Show as she reveals GOT bosses gave her a YEAR to 
prepare being killed off.

Madonna's 'obsessed fan expecting huge payout from NYC as he 
takes them to court over arrest injury'... and 'plans to donate 
$1m to hurricane victims'.

Pregnant Ferne McCann reveals how she overcame her body 
insecurities as she attends the Animal Hero Awards 2017 with 
MIC's Stephanie Pratt.

Jennifer Lawrence showcases her sensational figure in strapless 
ruffled gown as she leads the style at the Paris premiere of 
Mother!.

She's at it again! Party girl Kate Moss looks worse for wear as 
she makes a leggy exit from car in a velvet Bardot mini dress 
arriving at exclusive members club.

Trying to steal Rihanna's thunder? Model Duckie Thot flaunts her 
sideboob in high cut leotard and dons raunchy thigh high boots 
for Fenty launch.

 Khloe Kardashian shows off toned figure in BTS shots of Good 
American shoot... after revealing she turned to alcohol amid 
split from Lamar Odom.

Sofia Richie, 19, and Scott Disick, 34, continue their close 
friendship as they cosy up on the front row to see LeBron James 
model at NYFW.

Blooming beautiful! Pregnant actress Rose Byrne flaunts 
burgeoning baby bump in floral summer frock during New York 
outing with son Rocco.

Stephanie Davis has 'hit the roof' as ex Jeremy McConnell cosies 
up to rumoured new flame Mandi Flood in an array of gushy 
Instagram posts.

Billionaire James Packer hits 50 with no Mariah and two ex-wives 
- but at least his mum and sister join him for quiet celebration 
at his luxurious polo ranch.

Monochrome monarch! Queen Letizia of Spain is glamorous in a 
black and white midi-dress as she addresses oncologists in Madrid 
.

Cool intentions: Selma slips into chic striped blouse with 
loose-fitting jeans as she displays her typically trendy style 
during Beverly Hills outing.

Suited and booted! Princess Marie of Denmark swaps her tiara for 
full military uniform on a visit to a chemical lab in Copenhagen.

'Now it's time for me to live my life' Jay-Z's mum Gloria Carter 
reveals she reduced the rapper to tears when she came out as a 
lesbian.

Back to school! Jennifer Lopez shares adorable snap of her twins 
Max and Emme in uniform before first day of fourth grade.

Celebs Go Dating star Charlotte Dawson flaunts her peachy 
posterior and long legs in ruffled red swimsuit as she poses for 
sizzling shoot in Tenerife.

Endless summer! Pierce Brosnan and wife Keely Shaye Smith show 
off tans while grabbing sushi in Beverly Hills.

Jeremy McConnell deletes nearly all photos of son Caben-Albi from 
his Instagram account... as Stephanie Davis sparks concern with 
'painfully thin' frame.

'I chose cocaine over my kids': Disgraced X-Factor singer admits 
her drug addiction left her unable to take her kids to school and 
led to  £15,000 debts.

X Factor contestant tells judges he works in a B&B but actually 
has a record deal, has released an EP and a music video, and is 
pals with James Arthur.

Pixie Lott kicks off benefit concert at Manchester Arena as 
thousands of fans gather to pay tribute to 22 killed by suicide 
bomber .

'We'll miss you!' Tess Daly breaks down in tears as Strictly Come 
Dancing stars pay tribute to late host Sir Bruce Forsyth in 
touching series launch.

Yacht a youthful figure! Make-up free Eva Longoria, 42, displays 
her curves in halterneck bikini as she enjoys Greek getaway with 
husband José Bastón.

That's a Lottie difference! Make-up free Moss's Cinderella 
transformation into leggy supermodel as she sports TINY minidress 
for shoot.

Slender Charlotte Crosby reveals her lithe physique in 
thigh-grazing dress as she steps out at plus-size fashion 
festival.

Sharon Osbourne and Nicole Scherzinger have a shock reunion with 
someone from their past as The X Factor's second weekend of 
auditions kicks off.

Feeling Syked! Melanie, 47, shows off her sizzling hourglass 
figure in cold shoulder seasonal dress as she makes an appearance 
outside BBC studios.

'You make Jedward sound like Simon and Garfunkel!' Louis Walsh 
SLAMS Justin Bieber lookalikes on X Factor... but Simon Cowell 
accidentally says they've got four yeses.

Kim Kardashian remains coy over surrogacy reports... as it's 
claimed surrogate is African-American married college graduate in 
her Twenties.

Denim darling! Kendall Jenner rocks quirky buttoned jacket and 
checked trousers as she steps out during New York Fashion Week.

Brooklyn Beckham hails a cab with a mystery pal... as his 
ex-flame Madison Beer attends the SAME party and is left looking 
far from impressed.

EXCLUSIVE: 'Aston and I are both terrified!': Mollie King admits 
that she and Merrygold have 'expectations' to live up to from 
their pop star pasts as they prepare for new Strictly series.

'He asked for a face-to-face': Kanye West 'reaches out to Jay Z 
to hash out beef' as it's claimed rappers are close to ending 
feud.

Christina Aguilera cannot resist fiance Matthew Rutler as they 
lock lips on romantic river cruise during PDA-packed Venice 
holiday .

Tastes good! Pregnant Danniella Westbrook sensually feeds her 
fiance Alan Thompson an ice cream cone and packs on the PDA as 
they take stroll in Spain.

Age-defying Nicole Kidman, 50, wows in off-the-shoulder black 
dress as she puts on affectionate display with husband Keith 
Urban at the Toronto International Film Festival.

Victoria's Secret model Adriana Lima sets pulses racing as she 
teases a look at her assets (and her lengthy pins) in a daringly 
low-cut dress at NYFW bash.

Low-key chic! Mom-of-two Natalie Portman teams black blouse with 
linen pants as she strolls with a pal in Los Angeles.

Braless Lourdes Leon teases at her cleavage in silk yellow dress 
as she sits on the front row of Jeremy Scott's star-studded show 
during NYFW.

Like mother, like daughters! Lisa Rinna, 54, goes braless in 
sizzling PVC dress as she joins glam model children at Harper's 
Bazaar party.

From Disney to The Dark Knight! Sabrina Carpenter sheds her 
fresh-faced image as she opts for VERY dramatic Joker style 
make-up at NYFW bash.

Thrice Girl! Victoria Beckham steps out in near identical outfits 
THREE days in a row during NYFW... as she trades glam gowns for 
shapeless trouser and tee combos.

Sultry Vicky Pattison slips into a VERY plunging leopard print 
frock as she puts on a smitten display with fiancé John Noble 
following health retreat.

Stephanie Davis sparks concern among fans as she displays 
'painfully thin' frame... while others jump to 'beautiful' star's 
defence in social media storm .

How low can you go? Karlie Kloss shows off extreme cleavage in 
plunging gown at Harper's Bazaar ICONS bash .

Rocker mum! Pregnant Jessica Alba showcases her blooming baby 
figure in studded biker jacket and giant safety pin earrings.

A helping hand! Glam Sofia Richie is lead down the stairs by a 
dapper pal as she makes her way out of a NYFW party.

'The more they talk about it, the fatter I get': Gemma Collins 
flaunts her curves in chic mini at plus-size fashion bash... 
after admitting to being 'the biggest she's ever been' due to 
fame .

Transgender model Andreja Pejic goes braless under her black 
satin blazer as she makes a bold arrival at Daily Front Row's 
Fashion Media Awards.

'It still blows my mind!' Dave Grohl reveals Sir Paul McCartney 
organised his surgery after the Foo Fighters singer broke his leg 
from falling off stage in Sweden.

'And it's a.....' : Pregnant Mindy Kaling showcases her baby bump 
at PaleyFest as co-stars reveal the gender of her unborn child.

Paloma Faith dazzles in a tailored two-piece suit and £565 golden 
Gucci heels... as she makes a return to music after giving birth 
nine months ago.

'People will buy it and then they won't buy another one': Sharon 
Osbourne slams past X Factor winners who have not seen their 
success last.

Mommy and me! Charlize Theron is casual chic in black tank and 
jeans as she picks up daughter August from preschool.

The morning after! Casually clad Selena Gomez exits her apartment 
with wet locks ...after glamming up with beau The Weeknd for NYFW 
bash.

'13 year old me. Wannabe popstar': Katy Perry shares incredible 
throwback snap to her teenage years aspiring to be a singer.

Rekindling the flame? Leonardo DiCaprio holds hands with 
ex-girlfriend Toni Garrn after 'ditching' love interest Lorena 
Rae at NYC club.

Brooklyn Beckham takes time out of his studies to attend yet 
ANOTHER exclusive NYFW event... as he makes an appearance at the 
Harper's Bazaar ICONS party.

'I've been single for ages... it would be a blessing!' Gemma 
Atkinson reveals she's hoping to find love on Strictly Come 
Dancing as she counts down to anticipated debut.

Pregnant Louise Roe sweetly cradles her blossoming baby bump as 
she steals a kiss from husband Mackenzie Hunkin while dazzling at 
Harper's Bazaar bash in New York.

Nicki Minaj commands attention while channelling Barbie in a 
show-stopping glittering gown as she attends NYFW Harper's Bazaar 
bash.

'I felt I did not deserve it': Julie Andrews reveals she kept her 
Oscar in the ATTIC because she thought it was awarded to her out 
of pity.

'I cancelled everything': Grieving Alexandra Burke shares the 
advice late mother gave her... as she puts a hold on her album to 
focus on Strictly.

Suki Waterhouse leaves NOTHING to the imagination as she bares 
her lingerie beneath racy slashed gown at star-studded NYFW bash.

Vanessa Hudgens flashes her abs in daring cut-out dress paired 
with quirky basketball-inspired bomber as she cosies up to beau 
Austin Butler at Jeremy Scott show.

That was fast! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi 
returns to Instagram with a racy bikini snap... just three days 
after announcing her week-long social media ban.

Make-up free Naomi Watts, 48, wows in casual ensemble as she 
steps out in New York City with two cute rescue puppies adopted 
by her ex-partner Liev Schreiber.

Braless Natasha Poly risks baring all as she slips into a 
sizzling bustier-topped gown at the star-studded Harper's Bazaar 
ICONS bash.

Kate Beckinsale looks typically stylish as she dons a dark floral 
trouser co-ord and heels to arrive at LAX airport.

Kristen Bell hailed a hero by her Frozen co-star who voices Olaf 
after she saved his whole family from the path of Irma in Florida.

Wearing her heart on her shoulder! Margot Robbie dons a quirky 
handbag as she attends Toronto International Film Festival.

'It is a really heightened situation': Actress Adrienne Pickering 
to play a woman desperate to fall pregnant in upcoming web series 
All Our Eggs.

Rio Ferdinand makes rare red carpet appearance as he scoops top 
prize at Inspiration Awards... but girlfriend Kate Wright remains 
at home just weeks after making romance public.

'I want to punch him': Richard Hammond 'seething after run-in 
with long-term nemesis Steve Coogan at GQ Men of the Year Awards'.

Forget something? Male Model Of The Year recipient Jordan Barrett 
attends New York's Daily Front Row Fashion Awards without a shirt 
and socks.

Rita Ora showcases her endless legs in funky green flares as she 
channels a Seventies rock chick for low-key Beverly Hills dinner.

Orange you glad she's back? Imogen Anthony puts on a colourful 
display as she touches down in Sydney after rowdy Burning Man 
jaunt.

Pregnant April Love Geary, 22, looks leggy in tiny mini dress and 
showcases the beginnings of her blossoming bump as she kisses 
Robin Thicke, 40, before dining at exclusive restaurant.

What a gem! Gigi Hadid flaunts fab figure in see-through dress 
with large jewels all over it for Jeremy Scott show at NYFW.

Two peas in a pod! Jordan Barrett cosies up to fellow glamazon 
Bella Thorne after being named Male Model of the Year at the 
Daily Front Row's Fashion Media Awards .

Busty Ciara flaunts her ample cleavage and endless legs in a 
glittering purple thigh slit gown as she attends the Harpar's 
Bazaar ICONS party for NYFW.

What a relief! Janet Jackson visits Houston hurricane 
evacuees...as it's revealed that lawsuit filed against her for 
cancelled gigs has been settled.

From humble Hugh Jackman to the iconic Kerri-Anne Kennerley: 
Australian survey names the nation's most trusted celebrities.

Keeping a low profile? Leonardo DiCaprio attends U.S. Open under 
baseball cap after night out  with model Lorena Rae.

Braless Hailey Baldwin teases at her cleavage in extremely 
plunging gold bodycon dress as she attends Harper's Bazaar ICONS 
party for NYFW.

Taking notes from Kim! Kendall Jenner puts her underwear on 
display in sheer gown for Harper's Bazaar event.

Showing her spots! Kate Bosworth leads the star-studded Jason Wu 
NYFW dinner in a green leopard print dress.

Flower child! Margot Robbie stuns on the red carpet in retro 
floral blue gown with sheer sleeves at the premiere of her new 
film I, Tonya.

Golden girl! Bella Hadid shows off her toned tummy in gilded 
three-piece suit for NYFW appearance at Max Mara.

'What she did took courage:' Brett Hunter reveals he bares no 
hard feelings toward ex-fiance Brynne Edelsten after she was seen 
kissing 25-year-old blonde beauty Coby Boatman.

'It's an amazing feeling': Joseph Duggar marries Kendra Caldwell 
in romantic Arkansas wedding.

'She started saying that she stole him off me, which is 
bullsh*t!' The Bachelorette Sophie Monk takes a swipe at Paris 
Hilton as she reveals the struggles of finding love in Hollywood.

'I was always feeling so down': Australian Survivor star 
Anneliese Wilson reveals she suffered from depression during the 
reality show.

Reality romance? MAFS star Nick Furphy and The Bachelor's Steph 
Dixon put on an amorous display at Fashion + Aid event in 
Melbourne.

Poppy Delevingne shuns ballgowns in favour of ab-flashing trouser 
co-ord complete with embellished kimono as she attends the 
Harper's Bazaar ICONS party during NYFW.

She's not shy! MAFS' Cheryl Maitland puts on an eye-popping 
display in a VERY daring dress with strategically-placed applique 
.

'I'm ready for zombies, Kim Jong-un and the second season of 
RHOS!' Lisa Oldfield CONFIRMS her return to Housewives franchise 
by sharing her doomsday prepper kit.

Would you swipe right for this method? MKR's Court and Duncan 
Hall-Eastey reveal they named newborn Isla by using an app 
inspired by TINDER .

Mates date! The Bachelor stars Florence Alexander and Cobie Frost 
head to Bondi Beach for a recovery session after catching up for 
cocktails with Laura Byrne the night before.

'I am perfectly imperfect' Bikini-clad Stacey Solomon proudly 
flaunts her 'normal' figure on family holiday to give her fans 
'realistic motivation'.

'Posing for my husband': Emily Ratajkowski shares naked photos 
from her luxury honeymoon in Utah .

Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her slimmed-down figure in a sheer 
bodysuit as she joins Stephanie Davis and Olvia Attwood at 
star-studded magazine bash.

Ant McPartlin 'gave Declan Donnelly his blessing' to host final 
SNT shows ALONE amid claims Dec has been left in a 'bad way' by 
pal's drink-drive .

 Why is he such a man child?' The Mummy Diaries fans BLAST Paul 
Knightley as he throws a tantrum when Sam Faiers makes him 
under-cooked cheese on toast.

'My life turned upside down': Emotional Christine McGuinness 
recalls finding out her twins, four, had autism... after getting 
'back on track' with Paddy.

Bella Thorne ditches her trousers as she emerges wearing ANOTHER 
skimpy outfit and heels despite freezing conditions in New York.

'She would be PERFECT': Fans call on Scarlett Moffatt to co-host 
Saturday Night Takeaway with Declan Donnelly... as Ant McPartlin 
goes to rehab.

'I just didn't love her': Married At First Sight's Ben Jardine 
reveals he KISSED another woman behind wife Stephanie's back.

'It would be interesting to see how they're doing behind closed 
doors': Amir Khan and wife Faryal Makhdoom 'in talks for their 
own fly-on-the-wall series' .

Ant McPartlin sets off for rehab after he is charged with 
drink-driving as Declan Donnelly prepares to host Saturday Night 
Takeaway ALONE .

For sale! Pregnant Eva Longoria 'puts luxurious six bedroom nine 
bathroom Hollywood Hills mansion on the market for $3.8 million'.

EastEnders: Shane Richie 'WILL return to Albert Square' after two 
year hiatus... as 'Alfie Moon is set to reunite with Kat Slater 
and shake up Walford'.

 'It should be all about what I want!' Billie Faiers goes 
'bridezilla' on fiancé Greg as she turns her nose up at wedding 
venues on The Mummy Diaries.

WAG do we have here? Cheeky Rebekah Vardy LICKS her close pal 
Nicola McLean as they put on an animated display at magazine 
party.

Pregnant Vogue Williams flaunts her blossoming baby bump in a 
white crop top and dusty pink flares as she attends OK! magazine 
bash.

Centre (court) of attention! Hunky Roger Federer sheds his tennis 
whites as he goes shirtless on the beach during idyllic family 
break in Miami.

'One minute we're getting married, the next it's over': Liam 
Payne finally admits things AREN'T 'fine and dandy' with Cheryl.

Can't rain on their parade! Kris Jenner and Scott Disick bundle 
up in style as they face storm to film Keeping Up With The 
Kardashians.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Timeless beauty Elle Macpherson, 53, flaunts 
her toned figure in a sexy black swimsuit while on sunny vacation 
in Sydney.

'This is why kids kill themselves': Amber Rose unloads epic 
clapback rant on trolls who shamed her five-year-old son for 
liking Taylor Swift.

She's just like the rest of us! Selena Gomez does yoga and 
catches up on her favourite reality TV shows before getting some 
beauty sleep .

'All of a sudden you're f****** enraged': Krysten Ritter says Me 
Too movement led her to re-evaluate past experiences she had 
'shoved under the rug'.

Sarah Harding puts on a VERY animated display as she grapples 
with her assets in a daring low-cut dress while cutting loose at 
magazine bash.

Busty Georgia Kousoulou shows off her surgically enhanced nose as 
she joins fellow TOWIE stars Amber Turner and Danielle Armstrong 
at party.

She's got that glow! Pregnant Tia Mowry covers growing baby bump 
in sophisticated black sweater and skirt combo as she steps out 
to lunch.

Paloma Faith makes a statement in a geometric print jumpsuit as 
she puts on another eye-catching display onstage in Birmingham.

Makeup-free Katie Price shows off her incredibly svelte physique 
in an ab-baring crop top and skinny jeans.

'She's not a blow up doll!' TOWIE's Jon Clark SLAMS exes Lauren 
Pope and Chloe Crowhurst by comparing them to new girlfriend 
Daisy Higgs.

Ozzy Osbourne, 69, sues AEG for 'forcing' him to play Staples 
Center in Los Angeles on his No More Tours 2 world tour.

Lily Allen flashes her bra in a sheer leopard print top as she 
returns to the stage... after announcing her first album in FOUR 
years.

Meet Harvey Kinkle! Ross Lynch strolls in Vancouver... before 
filming Netflix's Sabrina the Teenage Witch reboot.

Emma McVey flaunts her incredibly taut midriff just TWO months 
after giving birth to son with Gaz Beadle... as he prepares to 
ring in first birthday as a dad.

Melanie Sykes, 47, puts on a busty display in an embroidered gown 
as she poses up a storm with Lisa Snowdon at beauty bash.

'Back on set!' Pregnant Eva Longoria shares behind-the-scenes 
snaps in Miami as she produces soap drama.

Trophy wife! Sofia Vergara shows off hourglass figure in 
strapless red top as she poses next to Stanley Cup with husband 
Joe Manganiello.

'So fake it's hilarious': Britney Spears is slammed for looking 
heavily airbrushed in new Kenzo advertisements.

Millie Mackintosh stuns in a polka dot skirt as she joins Laura 
Whitmore at  bash... after fans accused ex Pro Green of mocking 
her fashion line closure.

Youthful Monica Bellucci, 53, stuns in a low-cut black dress as 
she joins stylish Diane Keaton, 72, at awards ceremony in Rome.

Bella Hadid exudes glamour as she flashes a glimpse of her 
sideboob in a plunging ruffled black dress for Dior bash in 
Shanghai.

Sadie Frost says she's starting to feel 'invisible and irrelevant 
at 52' and laments the rise of cosmetic surgery among celebrities 
her age.

He's bringing freezing back! Health conscious couple Justin 
Timberlake and wife Jessica Biel 'make frequent trips' to 
cryotherapy center.

Alessandra Ambrosio channels her inner Maverick in Top Gun-style 
jumpsuit and aviator sunglasses after 'split from fiance' Jamie 
Mazur.

She's not gonna Shake It Off! Taylor Swift asks court to make 
songwriters who lost copyright suit against her to cough up $72K 
for her bill.

Pregnant Vogue Williams slips into a sports bra and vibrant 
leggings as she talks followers through her maternity workout at 
the gym.

Glamorous Imogen Thomas and Lizzie Cundy flaunt their toned 
frames as they join a bevy of bikini-clad beauties at swimwear 
launch  .

'Snow days off!' Karlie Kloss shows impressive strength as she 
embarks on grueling workout during East Coast blizzard.

'He's thriving and well!' Hilary Swank talks taking three year 
hiatus from acting to take care of her dad after lung transplant.

He's her huggy Mike! Thalassitis cradles bikini-clad Megan 
McKenna's pert posterior as the pair put on a VERY affectionate 
display in Barbados.

A portrait of pregnancy: Khloe Kardashian shares glamorous naked 
bump shot while modeling lace lingerie... as she's due in just 
TWO WEEKS.

'It hasn't been easy': TOWIE's Chloe Meadows splits from 
boyfriend Taylor Barnett... as he's 'AXED' from new series.

Rose McGowan goes to court in the snow but her felony cocaine 
possession hearing is postponed due to the DC weather.

Breakfast with Grandpa! Natalie Portman brings her dad along on 
early morning outing with daughter Amalia .

Saara Aalto prepares to represent Finland in upcoming Eurovision 
as she swaps tips with UK entrant SuRie... after admitting she's 
'proud to be a lesbian'.

'Healing well': Caitlyn Jenner, 68, gives  update on how her nose 
is doing after surgery to remove sun damage... while adding her 
hair looks 'great'.

'It's emotional and exciting!': Jennifer Lopez, 48, models new 
disco curls as she leans on Derek Hough for season two of World 
Of Dance.

'I'll miss him every day': Ricki Lake honors ex-husband who 
committed suicide as she unveils new documentary Weed the People.

The Great British Book Off! Duchess of Cornwall rubs shoulders 
with Prue Leith as she joins the literary set for glittering 
reception in London.

'Last day, last slay': Demi Moore's daughter Scout Willis flashes 
her underarm hair as she poses in bikini while vacation winds 
down.

Kate channels Queen in vivid outfit - as she attends a mental 
health symposium for her penultimate engagement before maternity 
leave.

'So sad!': Demi Lovato is forced to cancel New Jersey concert 
while Justin Timberlake won't be able to perform in NYC because 
of snow.

'She is using it as a stage prop': Camila Cabello is called out 
for BIZARRE performance where she fakes playing guitar... but 
fans come to her defense.

What a brunette bombshell! Glee vet Lea Michele shows off her 
toned figure in black bikini as she enjoys Hawaiian vacation.

Danny Dyer's daughter Dani displays her peachy posterior in 
sizzling yellow bikini as she hits the beach after premature exit 
from Survival Of The Fittest.

Red hot! Vanderpump Rules' Scheana Marie sizzles in push-up bra 
as she shares racy lingerie snaps to Snapchat.

'Does this look like me?': Elizabeth Olsen calls out Empire 
Magazine for 'Photoshopping' her face on Avengers: Infinity War 
cover.

This blizzard's snow joke! Bella Thorne gets caught up in storm 
while wearing peep-toe platforms and sheer corset as she promotes 
film in New York .

Jeff Brazier shows off his muscular physique in NAKED bathroom 
snap... as he prepares to strip off in The Full Monty.

'I had body dysmorphia': Plus-size model Iskra Lawrence admits 
STARVING herself after being called 'too big' at 16 led to 
'blurry eyesight'.

Hair today, gone to-Zorro! Antonio Banderas shows off 
clean-shaved head and EYEBROWS as he promotes his show Genius 
Picasso.

'Always with me': Mark Hamill checks into a London hotel room 
with artwork in it that he thinks looks like his late Star Wars 
co-star Carrie Fisher.

Declan Donnelly confirms he'll 'honour promise to fans' and host 
final two shows of Saturday Night Takeaway ALONE.

Will Simon stand by troubled Ant McPartlin? Cowell remains silent 
in face of Britain's Got Talent host's drink-drive drama.

First look: Mila Kunis and Kate McKinnon debut trailer for new 
action comedy The Spy Who Dumped Me as they stop by Ellen 
DeGeneres' show.

Sheer style! Once Upon A Time actress  Jennifer Morrison sports 
elegant black pencil dress at Power Stylists Dinner in LA.

Beaming Louisa Johnson goes braless under a clingy white bodysuit 
as she snaps selfies with fans in Manchester.

Amber Turner shows off her surgically-enhanced assets in scanty 
yellow bikini as she larks around during Dubai getaway .

'He keep me motivated': Gemma Atkinson gushes over Strictly beau 
Gorka Marquez... as she admits she 'loves' that they share same 
passion for fitness.

Date night! Kristen Stewart and girlfriend Stella Maxwell look 
every bit in love... after rumors surface that the model once 
shared a kiss with Bella Hadid.

Lottie Moss goes braless in a black crop top as she enjoys a 
carefree shopping spree with glamorous mother Inger in Los 
Angeles.

'I miss the baby pink hair': Kim Kardashian shares throwback 
image with her blush locks before she went back to black.

'My boy's like a sloth!': Mila Kunis compares son Dimitri, one, 
to a 'Neanderthal' and hints daughter Wyatt, three, is 'smarter'.

Mixing it up! Armie Hammer goes casual while glamorous wife 
Elizabeth Chambers sports chic velvet jumpsuit at Power Stylists 
Dinner.

Flare for fashion! Eva Mendes looks ever so stylish in Monse 
patchwork off-the-shoulder dress as she promotes her new 
fragrance in Mexico City.

She never looked better! Drew Barrymore, 43, glows in new Crocs 
ad... after revealing she has lost 20lbs from high protein diet.

Now that's a room with a PHEW! Bikini-clad Catherine Zeta-Jones 
admires the view from her hotel balcony in the Dominican Republic.

Happier than ever! Kylie Jenner flashes diamond ring as she 
leaves Stormi at home to enjoy dinner date with beau Travis Scott 
in West Hollywood.

Millie Mackintosh continues her black parade in a fluffy coat and 
sports leggings... as she mourns the loss of her beloved fashion 
label.

TOWIE's Georgia Kousoulou proudly displays recent nose job 
despite her 'initial regrets' as she heads to the gym.

Pete Wicks and girlfriend Shelby Tribble look smitten as they 
lock arms and coordinate their styles while out filming romantic 
TOWIE scenes.

WAKE me up, before you go! Jessie Wallace steps out in pyjamas... 
shortly before returning to EastEnders at her character Kat 
Slater's funeral.

Black-ish star Yara Shahidi stuns in a crop top and patterned 
skirt combo as she poses up a storm at Hollywood Reporter dinner.

Luke Skywalk-opener! Mark Hamill looks dapper in camel coat as he 
cuts ribbon for new viewing platform in Gibraltar alongside 
stormtroopers.

Goodbye Gigi, hello new me! Newly-single Zayn Malik unveils 
bleach blond hair as he revives his Pillowtalk video look after 
shock split from Hadid.

 Gigi Hadid looks a little downcast while leaving her NYC pad in 
stylish ensemble... as ex Zayn Malik reveals dramatic new look on 
set of new music video.

Justin Theroux's 'new girlfriend' Petra Collins and Dakota 
Johnson frolic in a lake alongside transgender model Hari Nef as 
they star in fun new Gucci campaign.

She's Happier! Ed Sheeran greets terminally ill fan, 9, ahead of 
sold-out Brisbane gig performance.

Look away, Selena! Justin Bieber enjoys night out with Abby 
Champion's Sports Illustrated swimsuit model sister Baskin.

Jeremy Clarkson's ex-wife Francis Cain, 56, slips into a black 
bikini as she joins their injured son Finlo, 21, and toyboy on 
Barbados break.

Natural Beauty! Olivia Culpo looks stunning in a white tube top 
and tight jeans as she leaves a meeting in Los Angeles.

'It's the right thing to do': Piers Morgan backs Dec to pursue TV 
career without embattled friend Ant McPartlin... and even 
suggests he finds a new co-host.

Queen Maxima of the Netherlands and Queen Rania of Jordan look 
ready for business in co-ordinating grey looks on a joint 
engagement in The Hague.

Olivia Attwood poses in her underwear as footballer ex Bradley 
Dack sends her flirty messages a month on from Chris Hughes split.

The look of Desiree! Michael Klim and his stunning girlfriend 
Deravi get cosy on date night at plush IWC Schaffhausen event.

This Morning descends into mayhem as 'Easter bunnies' Holly and 
Phil turn the studio upside down for eggs.

Another Eccle-stone lost, James? Stunt's new 'fiancee' Samantha 
Rowley LOSES £1.5million sapphire from her 'engagement ring'.

Busty Iskra Lawrence flashes her sensational curves as she sets 
pulses racing in array of sexy bikinis during Las Vegas break.

Pregnant Jacqueline Jossa covers her blossoming baby bump in 
denim jacket as she enjoys a family day out with husband Dan 
Osborne.

Hello... is it meat you're looking for? Gemma Collins and Arg 
enjoy a date at KEBAB house after declaring they are 'TOWIE's 
greatest love story'.

'They could destroy marriages': Seven Year Switch star slams 
show's editors for 'manipulating' footage to make it look like 
she was NAKED.

Powerful in pink: Kim Kardashian looks like a modern day punk 
rock prom queen as she poses for artsy magazine ODDA.

Kylie Jenner and boyfriend Travis Scott squeeze in some rare 
alone time as they enjoy a juice date without their newborn 
Stormi Webster.

From SW3 to SEWAGE! Georgia 'Toff' Toffolo is worlds away from 
Chelsea as she's forced to visit a waste treatment centre by This 
Morning viewers.

'I'm still standing': Courtney Stodden posts defiant make-up free 
selfie in nude bra and thong.

'My body seemed to offend him': This Is Us star Chrissy Metz 
claims abusive stepfather would beat her and force her to do 
humiliating weigh-ins.

An average mom! Angelina Jolie picks up OATMEAL at Whole Foods in 
LA with Zahara and Shiloh... as divorce from Brad Pitt is still 
not finalized.

Will Harry and Meghan have a 'mini-moon' in IRELAND? Couple are 
expected to make trip to Dublin shortly after their wedding at 
Windsor Castle .

Serene siren! Makeup-free Julianne Hough looks relaxed as she 
leaves meditation class in Los Angeles.

'He's The Governor or the Boss': Ben Mendelsohn gushes over 
Steven Spielberg after starring in his upcoming film Ready Player 
One.

Kate Upton unveils her risqué evening ensemble in exquisite 
unseen photos from Tuscany wedding to baseball ace Justin 
Verlander.

EXCLUSIVE: Strictly's Anton du Beke reveals Brendan Cole's shock 
firing 'is the nature' of the series... as he backs Piers Morgan 
for the BBC ballroom.

'I've never felt so confident': Kerry Katona flashes her toned 
figure in racy underwear snap... amid heated feud with former 
bandmate Natasha Hamilton.

Emmerdale SPOILER: Ross Barton feared DEAD as he attempts suicide 
after being humiliated in brutal pub prank.

EXCLUSIVE: 'It's a bit of a surprise party for me!' Jake 
Quickenden admits he still doesn't have a clue about his wedding 
plans with Danielle Fogarty.

'I don't want her spirit to go away': Alexandra Burke tears up as 
she speaks about her late mother and performs new track dedicated 
to her memory.

'Working so hard' Sophie Kasaei reveals she has fallen off track 
since two stone weight loss... as she posts VERY saucy swimwear 
snap for inspiration  .

Drew BarryROAR! Hollywood actress is visibly upset as she engages 
in heated phone conversation on the streets of NY after storming 
out of lunch.

Olivia Buckland grapples with her assets while showing off 
incredible frame in bright yellow crochet bikini on final day of 
Barbados break.

Ariel Winter struggles to contain her assets in barely-there 
sports bra as she hits the gym with beau Levi Meaden.

Naomi Campbell, 47, shows off her age-defying physique in skimpy 
mauve bikini as she larks around during idyllic getaway.

It's a girl? Michael Bublé and his 'pregnant' wife Luisana 
Lopilato 'joyously reveal the sex of their third child to loved 
ones'... after son Noah's cancer battle.

Lingerie-flashing Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her rippling abs in 
bralet with entirely sheer designer skirt as she heads out of 
pal's birthday bash .

Geordie Shore's Ricci Guarnaccio shows off the results of EYELID 
surgery and facial lipo after admitting he's ADDICTED to going 
under the knife .

Makers of Netflix hit Chef's Table are accused of sexism for 
featuring only ONE female chef in the new series.

'I'll look at next year when it comes:' Suranne Jones reveals 
fans could be in for a VERY long wait before Doctor Foster 
returns.

The Faier-est of them all! Billie Faiers flashes her ample 
cleavage and tiny waist in sexy reptile print bikini as she soaks 
up the sun on idyllic holiday.

Caroline Flack, 38, helps boyfriend Andrew Brady, 27, move into 
her London home as they take their romance to the next level 
after just ONE MONTH of dating.

Ant and Dec are SNUBBED at the RTAs they lose in both categories 
and are no-shows... two days after embattled presenter's 
drink-driving arrest.

Is this the world's biggest superfan? Woman, 25, has met 500 
A-list stars including Oprah, Cara Delvingne and Mark Wahlberg.

Ferne McCann slips into her activewear as she animatedly catches 
up with Love Island's Chris Hughes ahead of Sport Relief 2018 
Boat Race.

Weinstein's ex wife Georgina Chapman goes for lunch - as 
producer's company announces it's releasing victims from 
non-disclosure agreements.

Kendall Jenner displays her natural athleticism as she sprints in 
three-inch heels for latest fashion campaign in Paris.

Jeff Goldblum hints that Laura Dern COULD return for Jurassic 
World... 25-years after their first appearance in film franchise.

The Crown as seen by the crowd! Never-before-seen images taken by 
amateur photographers capture the special relationship between 
the royal family and the public .

Bake Off fans mock Jamie Laing for 'banging on' about his biscuit 
heritage... as Prue Leith has to SPIT OUT his loaf cake.

Stranger Cha Chings! Netflix child actors 'are set to rake in 
$150K per episode of sci-fi hit... yet breakout star Millie Bobby 
Brown, 14, is tipped to make $300K'.

Mary J. Blige, 47, is suitably sassy in a curve-hugging leather 
bustier dress and a snakeskin coat as she attends Jimmy Choo 
dinner.

Is he Thor real? Exhausted Chris Hemsworth naps on a public BENCH 
while waiting for plane after enjoying fun-filled boys' getaway 
in Canada.

Getting her vitamin sea! Lydia Bright flaunts her incredible 
figure as she slips into a plunging swimsuit for sizzling 
throwback snap.

'My goodness, he was singing 22': Harry Styles drives fans wild 
as he belts out ex-girlfriend Taylor Swift's lyrics during 
Copenhagen tour.

'I recently had to get some sun damage removed': Caitlyn Jenner, 
68, posts shocking photo with bloody nose as she tells fans to 
use sunblock.

Coy couple? Paris Jackson and Cara Delevingne cuddle in bed while 
watching lesbian romance drama Carol.

'Time to smash MY life!' Georgia May Foote reflects on tough year 
and to downwards spiral... hot on the heels of split from beau 
George Alsford.

Cash, reign o'er me! Roger Daltrey earns $1 MILLION for private 
performance at 60th birthday party... after admitting he's going 
deaf.

Amber Davies flashes major underboob in VERY racy selfie... after 
triumphing over Love Island pal Olivia Attwood in brutal 'best 
looking' poll.

Beret Parisian chic! Busty Chloe Sims puts on an eye-popping 
display as she slips into a flared jumpsuit while filming TOWIE.

Charles and Camilla's plot to slur Diana as a SCHEMING HYSTERIC 
and how the Prince's mistress orchestrated a secret battle to win 
hearts and minds.

Backside driver! Lauren Goodger flashes a smile as she showcases 
her VERY peachy derrière whilst perusing cars at Mercedes in 
Essex.

Dakota Fanning commands attention in a sequin mini-dress while 
Elle is gorgeous in green as they enjoy a sisters' night out at 
Jimmy Choo dinner.

'Even my sisters think I'm crazy!': Kim Kardashian reveals she 
urgently squeezes in last-minute facials at 10PM as she talks 
beauty routine.

'Drink-drive' TV star Ant McPartlin is holed up undergoing rehab 
at £1.6m rented home - as friends claim his £60m split from wife 
Lisa forced him off wagon .

EXCLUSIVE: The Mummy Diaries' Billie Faiers BREAKS DOWN as she 
submits school application for Nelly... before setting stepdad up 
on dating site.

Pretty as a petal! Naomi Watts is ready for spring as she dons 
floral print dress on red carpet at Breath premiere.

Rebounding already? Newly single Justin Bieber has a smile on his 
face again as he hits up an LA club with a blonde mystery woman.

Nicole Scherzinger looks the picture of elegance as she shows off 
her svelte figure in a low-cut cream dress at intimate London gig.

Beaming Charlize Theron appears fresh-faced as she wraps up in 
loose-fitting hoodie while taking son Jackson for frozen yogurt 
in rainy LA .

Busy Philipps steps out in dark sunglasses after being diagnosed 
with sun-burned EYES after 10 hour photo shoot that left her 
weeping in pain.

As Katie Boyle dies at 91, CHRISTOPHER STEVENS muses on the life 
of Eurovision Queen who was locked up in a lunatic asylum by her 
own father.

Oui oui mon cheri! Bella Thorne flaunts toned tummy in crop top 
and black beret as she wraps arm around Patrick Schwarzenegger 
for press event.

'Megan is irrelevant': Pete Wicks is BANNED from seeing ex 
McKenna as he gushes about new romance with Shelby Tribble... 
after model twerks on Gatsby.

Cheryl seeking 'high-impact TV roles after being released by 
record label Polydor' as she gets back to work following birth of 
baby Bear.

'She's got no knickers on!' Five Star Hotel fans left in 
hysterics as Charlotte Dawson flashes her bum and flirts with 
father-to-be Spencer Matthews.

'Zig-a-zig-ah!' Spice Girl Mel B dons bold pink camouflage jacket 
emblazoned with the iconic lyrics to Wannabe.

Smoke gets in your eyes! Paris Jackson, 19, puffs cigarette 
outside LA vegan restaurant ...despite California's smoking age 
being 21.

'Another day in paradise!' Lea Michele makes a splash in sexy 
black bathing suit as she hits the beach with mom Edith during 
getaway to Hawaii.

Hell for leather! Drew Barrymore wears edgy motorcycle jacket for 
an appearance on The Daily Show in New York.

Gwyneth Paltrow is beautiful in blue as she leads the glamour at 
star-studded Jimmy Choo stylists dinner in Los Angeles.

'Rose between two thorns!' Piers Morgan poses with GMB co-anchors 
Susanna Reid and Kate Garraway at the Royal Television Society 
Awards.

He's buff! Shirtless Ryan Phillippe shows off his six-pack and 
tattoos as he soaks up the sun in Cabo.

Lizzie Cundy shows off her figure in a red bodycon dress and 
matching thigh-high boots as she attends star-studded restaurant 
bash in style.

'I wasn't anticipating this': Megan Fox gets emotional after 
Tyler Henry warns the star her mother will have to go through a 
'transition' at age 60.

'Nobody gives a f***:' Cardi B says the #MeToo movement doesn't 
care about women in hip hop.

'You made my baby very happy!': Taylor Swift joins forces with 
fellow Kim and Kanye enemy Amber Rose as she sends her son gifts.

Amicable exes! Kourtney Kardashian is all business in flowy 
trousers as she and Scott Disick step out in Los Angeles suburbs.

ITV viewers shocked as Saturday Night Takeaway is replaced by The 
Fast and The Furious... following Ant McPartlin's drink-drive 
arrest.

'We call this the Kate Sandwich': Victoria Justice poses in 
middle of Kate Bosworth and Kate Mara as they all rock floral 
dresses for fashion event.

'Making memories with this one': Smitten Megan McKenna posts 
loved-up snap with beau Mike Thalassitis as they jet off to 
Barbados for another holiday.

Makeup free and ageless Elle Macpherson shows off her super trim 
pins in tight trousers as she jets out of Sydney with son 
Aurelius Cy.

Daisy Lowe flashes her abs in a skimpy black sports bra and 
baseball jacket as she joins sports chic Louisa Johnson for store 
launch.

Doting dad! Liev Schreiber takes sons Alexander and Samuel to 
Isle Of Dogs screening... while ex Naomi Watts attends nearby 
Breath premiere.

Doing good! Serena Williams flashes huge smile as she heads to 
court to take part in celebrity tennis match.

Monochrome magic! Keri Russell glams it up at premiere of The 
Americans with Matthew Rhys... after revealing show changed her 
career.

Black Mirror creator Charlie Brooker reveals filming has already 
begun on hit show's hotly-anticipated fifth season... as he 
scoops RTA award  .

Ready for spring! Supermodel Cindy Crawford, 52, shares throwback 
bikini photo from the Nineties as she says she's excited for 
warmer weather.

'I water them with love': Tori Spelling composes a sentimental 
post about her five kids in honor of the first day of 
spring...after a challenging few weeks.

Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills: Erika Girardi stuns group by 
insisting she lived past life as boy saved by knight.

Mark Wright shows off muscular physique in a denim shirt as he 
steps out in the sunshine... after spending quality time with 
wife Michelle Keegan in LA.

On the Run! Beyonce sports white fishnet stockings on the back of 
a motorcycle driven by Jay Z as the power couple film video in 
Jamaica.

Ant and Dec 'cancel appearance at Sting's Geordie musical The 
Last Ship in Newcastle'... after embattled presenter's 
drink-drive arrest.

Pretty in pink! Bella Thorne dazzles in thigh-baring fuchsia wrap 
skirt and sheer turtleneck while out in New York.

Caroline Flack teases her cleavage in daring semi-sheer lace top 
and leopard print suit at the star-studded Royal Television 
Society Programme Awards.

'I had this fascination with death': Demi Lovato reveals she had 
suicidal thoughts when she was just seven in candid interview 
with Dr. Phil.

The Voice: Kelly Clarkson protests after learning Adam Levine 
lists fellow coach in cell phone as 'Queen Alicia'.

Adwoa Aboah goes nearly nude for Allure cover shoot despite being 
'insecure' in her early modeling days.

Olivia Attwood and Holly Hagan pose up a storm before screaming 
in fear as they search for paranormal activity on Celebrity Ghost 
Hunt Live .

Surfin' U.S-Kanye! Kim Kardashian displays her dangerous curves 
in more Yeezy rubber wetsuit shorts on rare day out with her 
pink-haired husband.

Fresh-faced Jemma Lucy flaunts her multiple inkings in tight 
black ensemble  as she joins a bra-flashing Kym Marsh at beauty 
event in Manchester.

It wasn't one! Queen to attend performance by reggae star Shaggy 
as part of Commonwealth concert at Royal Albert Hall to mark her 
92nd birthday.

Smoking hot! Newlywed Emily Ratajkowski heads to marijuana 
dispensary with gal pal in plunging black dress with a sizzling 
thigh-high slit.

'I wish I'd told him "I love you, we'll find some help, it will 
be okay"': Emotional Zoe Ball recalls the last time she saw her 
partner before his tragic suicide.

'This is about Millie': Professor Green accused of taking a swipe 
at ex-wife as he shares cryptic 'gloating' post in the wake of 
her fashion line closure.

'This is difficult for us': 'Shocked' Holly Willoughby and 
Phillip Schofield FINALLY address Ant McPartlin... 24 hours after 
ignoring drink-drive arrest.

Ant and Dec both avoid the limelight and stay away from tonight's 
Royal Television Society awards despite being up for two major 
gongs .

Curvaceous Demi Rose exhibits her eye-popping cleavage in VERY 
tiny semi-sheer pink lingerie for saucy Instagram snap.

Classic beauty! Hilary Swank shows off trim figure in slinky LBD 
as she gives press conference promoting Danny Boyle anthology 
series Trust.

'It wasn't gross or weird': Macaulay Culkin dishes on losing his 
virginity at 15... as he reveals new girlfriend Brenda Song is 
'so good to me'.

Bouncing back nicely! Amanda Bynes looks chic with red lipstick 
in LA as she returns to acting... three years after being placed 
on psychiatric hold.

Red-y for her closeup: Bikini model Daphne Joy shows off her 
toned tummy in tiny bottoms for a photo session in Miami.

Happiest place on Earth! Karlie Kloss looks cute in cherry print 
dress and Minnie ears as she joins her family on trip to 
Disneyland.

EXCLUSIVE Lindsay Lohan wears a headscarf as she gets back behind 
the wheel to race around Dubai sand dunes with her new Lawyer.com 
team.

'A lot of great stuff': Show creator Ryan Murphy confirms 
Oscar-winner Kathy Bates returning to American Horror Story.

'Devastated' Dec puts on a brave face after Ant's drink-drive 
arrest as it is revealed double act vowed one would NEVER appear 
on TV without the other .

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Played a drinking Game (Of Thrones)? Worse for 
wear Kit Harington stumbles in front of oncoming traffic on rainy 
Paris streets.

It's Jenna COLD-man! Actress wraps up warm in a statement grey 
coat and bulky scarf as she braves the chill for night out in 
London.

Ready to pop! Pregnant Kym Johnson dresses her baby bump in a 
tight turtleneck on a grocery run in Los Angeles.

Tatum O'Neal brings daughter Emily and John Corbett brings 
partner Bo Derek to God's Not Dead premiere.

Coronation Street: Complaints tally increases to 200 as David 
Platt's rape story-line continues to cause controversy among soap 
fans.

Alessandra Ambrosio is rock star chic in vintage Def Leppard 
shirt and pink stripe denim as she steps out days after 'split 
from fiance' Jamie Mazur.

'It woke me up creatively': Keri Russell reveals her role on The 
Americans changed her career as she 'wasn't playing a kid 
anymore'.

Belt it out! Kelly Clarkson looks breathtaking in a chic black 
floor-length gown for I Don't Think About You music video.

Golden girls: Greta Gerwig and Tilda Swinton stun in gleaming 
outfits at New York screening of their film Isle Of Dogs.

Bundled up! Rose McGowan sports cream coat and black turban in 
New York... after sharing cryptic birthday message to Harvey 
Weinstein.

EXCLUSIVE 'I've never needed to read': Marnie Simpson on refusing 
to address her literacy struggles and ex Lewis Bloor's 
'aggression'.

Spot the resemblance! Nicky Hilton shows off her slender legs in 
skintight jeans as she steps out in Beverly Hills with her mother 
Kathy.

What's My Line star and actress Katie Boyle, the face of 1960s 
Camay soap adverts, dies aged 91 .

EXCLUSIVE 'I never fit the beauty stereotype': Human Ken Doll 
Rodrigo Alves was 'nervous' to return to  Brazil after being 
bullied for his looks as a child.

She's ripped! Sofia Vergara runs errands in very distressed jeans 
and towering black heels as she puts on a stylish display in Los 
Angeles .

'You're It!' Jeremy Renner can't be caught  in upcoming comedy 
TAG... as cast debuts first trailer on The Ellen Show.

You can take the girl out of the country... Bikini-clad Megan 
McKenna poses in a cowgirl hat as her holiday romance with 'Muggy 
Mike' heats up.

Ocean's 8 London premiere: Rihanna wows in a golden gown as she 
joins Sandra Bullock, Cate Blanchett and Helena Bonham Carter on 
the red carpet.

Victoria and David Beckham put on united front as they enjoy 
family dinner... after dismissing divorce claims.

Beyonce's fans think she is pregnant with FOURTH child as she 
appears to have bump during world tour.

Love Island EXCLUSIVE: Niall Aslam quit because he 'struggled to 
deal with stress after years of battling insecurities about his 
ears' .

Love Island: Megan chooses Eyal over Alex in shock 
recoupling...but later confesses she wants BOTH boys.

Dreading the bloat this bikini season? It's a chronic issue 
affecting millions, but can a weight loss aid be the miracle 
solution for these real women?.

Dua Lipa's boyfriend Isaac Carew filmed getting close to mystery 
woman on the dancefloor as his girlfriend's hit song plays.

Love Island: Laura furiously calls out Adam over his treatment of 
Rosie.. as she claims he 'got off lightly' in tense recoupling.

Love Island: Adam and Charlie leave viewers in hysterics with 
'Operation Doctor Do More'... as they distract Eyal with 
hilarious discussions of STARS.

Brad Pitt rides bike in London amid custody negotiations with 
estranged wife Angelina Jolie.

Rihanna is forced to shield her bosom as she SPILLS out of 
plunging gold gown amid wardrobe malfunction at Ocean's 8 London 
premiere.

Lucy Mecklenburgh 'SPLITS from boyfriend Ryan Thomas following an 
explosive row'.

Lottie Moss puts on a VERY animated display as she dances in the 
street after wild night out in Barcelona.

Amanda Holden shows off her stunning figure in a plunging lilac 
gown with a racy sheer skirt at Classic BRIT Awards .

Ocean's 8 London premiere: Cate Blanchett rocks quirky feathered 
top as she steps out with son Ignatius .

Kim Kardashian dons silver spandex ensemble complete with 
thigh-grazing boots in latest Yeezy stint.

Kirsty Gallacher, 42, stuns in trouser suit she attends charity 
gala... days after getting 'flirty and tactile' with X Factor 
winner Myles Stephenson, 26.

Sofia Vergara looks sensational in summery striped top and tight 
jeans for lunch outing Beverly Hills.

Ocean's 8 London Premiere: Helena Bonham Carter oozes Hollywood 
glamour in sparkling silver frock as she joins star-studded red 
carpet.

Sandra Bullock, 53, poses up a storm on the red carpet in a 
plunging sequinned jumpsuit at Ocean's 8 London premiere.

Classic BRIT Awards: Myleene Klass dazzles in plunging golden 
brocade gown as she joins glamorous Love Island star Montana 
Brown on the red carpet.

Jack Osbourne gives update on divorce from wife Lisa as they 
celebrate daughter Andy's 3rd birthday.

Kim Kardashian flashes a big grin with sister Kylie Jenner to 
play dress-up in spandex Yeezy outfits.

Christina Aguilera rocks black thigh-high boots as she plans to 
take daughter, three, on new tour .

Demi Lovato makes a triumphant return to the stage in Glasgow 
after cancelling two UK tour dates over swollen vocal chords.

Ocean's 8 London premiere: Sarah Paulson makes a bold statement 
in layered frock as she walks the red carpet... after THAT 
'highlighter' dress.

Ocean's 8 London premiere: Mindy Kaling oozes gothic glamour in 
figure-hugging black semi-sheer gown .

Kim Kardashian and Alice Johnson embrace at the pardoned 
prisoner's Memphis home after reality star petitioned Trump to 
commute sentence.

Ocean's 8 London Premiere: Sam Faiers dazzles in rainbow 
mini-dress as she cosies up to boyfriend Paul Knightley.

Love Island winners Cara De La Hoyde and Nathan Massey hit back 
at radio presenter for branding their baby son 'a mistake' who 
they 'had for money'.

Paris Jackson cleans graffiti off dad Michael's Walk Of Fame star 
ahead of ninth death anniversary.

Summer lovin'! Heidi Klum, 45, puts her long legs on display in a 
pair of tiny shorts as she poses up a storm in a stunning 
campaign for her new Coachella-inspired Lidl collection.

Ewan McGregor to star in Stephen King's The Shining sequel Doctor 
Sleep.

April Love Geary flaunts her incredible post-baby body as she 
flashes the flesh in skimpy bikini .

Salma Hayek channels Frida Kahlo for the first time since playing 
her 15 years ago at event dedicated to the Mexican artist in 
London.

Get a room! Chris Hemsworth and wife Elsa Pataky put on a steamy 
PDA at a cafe in Byron Bay while Matt Damon and wife Luciana 
Barroso watch on uncomfortably.

Love Island's Kendall Rae-Knight and Kem Cetinay are pictured 
KISSING in a hotel lobby after after bonding on spin-off show.

Love Island SPOILER: Dani Dyer and Jack confess their true 
feelings for each other as their romance heats up.

Lauren Goodger PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Reality star exhibits her 
eye-popping derriere and serious sideboob in a skimpy swimsuit 
for Essex photoshoot.

Love Island SPOILER: Laura Anderson and Wes Nelson discuss plans 
to move in together and start a family on their FIRST date.

Love Island SPOILER: Islanders left retching as they pass food 
between each other's MOUTHS in gruesome task.

Fancy some Cake By The Ocean? Joe Jonas wears quirky sunglasses 
as he joins his colourful DNCE bandmates for a stroll in Sydney's 
Bondi Beach.

Kimberley Garner parades her envy-inducing figure in skimpy blue 
bikini as she hits the beach in Mykonos.

Marriage looks good on them! Newlyweds Shanina Shaik and DJ 
Ruckus appear carefree and relaxed on a bike ride in Mexico .

Classic BRIT Awards: Katherine Jenkins wows in THREE dazzling 
ballgowns as she returns to the stage for the first time since 
giving birth .

Cardi B gets album cover deposition postponed now that she is 'in 
her final month of pregnancy'.

Abbey Clancy flaunts her sizzling body in a red swimsuit as she 
enjoys Barbados break with husband Peter Crouch.

EXCLUSIVE: Kim calls herself 'heartless', 'doesn't care' about 
Kardashian beauty brand and chides team for making sisters look 
like Charlie's Angels in court docs.

Geordie Shore fans claim the show has gone 'downhill' as 
'childish' Chloe Ferry strips NAKED for X-rated night with Sam 
Gowland.

The Handmaid's Tale's Yvonne Strahovski drapes her growing baby 
bump in chic blue look for IMDB Show.

Classic BRIT Awards: Charlotte Hawkins stuns in plunging teal 
floral gown as she walks the red carpet.

Rita Ora shows off her enviably taut abs in a canary yellow 
sweatsuit with crop top as she steps out in NYC.

Danniella Westbrook sobs as she reveals she was sectioned after 
trying to kill herself and has been secretly using drugs for past 
FOUR YEARS.

Tragic chef Anthony Bourdain 'is cremated in France less than a 
week after killing himself in a hotel room, with his ashes due to 
be flown back to the US' .

Khloe Kardashian shares new photos of daughter True following her 
two month birthday.

Dame Joan Collins, 85, looks chic in a monochrome sunhat and 
leather jacket as she arrives in LA with husband Percy Gibson, 53.

Love Island host Caroline Flack, 38, steps out with fiancé Andrew 
Brady, 27, as she jokes about her VERY kooky wedding plans  .

Love Island's Megan Barton Hanson strips NAKED and douses her 
body in watermelon for steamy snap.

Beyonce and Jay-Z touch down in Manchester in SEPARATE 
helicopters ahead of latest On The Run II performance.

Kanye West drops by LA office while Kim Kardashian meets released 
prisoner Alice Johnson in Memphis.

Love Island hunk Adam Collard got his ex-girlfriend's initials 
tattooed on his arm... just MONTHS before he dumped the beauty 
over her 'insecurities'.

Kaia Gerber, 16, sports oversized plaid blazer during New York 
City outing with her friends.

Halsey flaunts her wild side as she shows off ample cleavage in 
leopard crop top and skimpy cut-offs .

Is THIS why Niall left Love Island? Rosie makes cryptic reference 
to his 'dishonesty'... as viewers demand answers about  exit 
being glossed over.

Strictly's Karen and Kevin Clifton split: Strictly stars put on 
another tender display as their tour hits Canterbury.

NeNe Leakes reveals husband Gregg is battling cancer as she 
shares photo of him at doctor's office.

Ashley James dazzles at the polo as she calls for more 
'diversity, cellulite and stretch marks' on Love Island.

Stacey Solomon celebrates her 'beautiful' natural body in bikini 
snap with co-stars Nadia Sawalha and Kaye Adams.

'She is so ugly': Stefano Gabbana prompts FURY among Selena Gomez 
fans after bashing the singer on Instagram -  after making rude 
comment about Kate Moss.

Farrah Abraham is 'ARRESTED after hitting a hotel security guard 
in the face while intoxicated'.

Chloe Madeley flaunts her rock hard abs in a skimpy sports bra as 
she packs on the PDA with shirtless fiancé James Haskell during 
hike in Sardinia.

'Body goals!' Former Home And Away star Pia Miller sets pulses 
racing as she shows off her enviable figure in a skimpy blue 
bikini during trip to LA.

Kendra Wilkinson celebrates 33rd birthday with her kids following 
split from husband Hank Baskett.

Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin grab coffee in New York together 
as it's claimed they're 'back on'.

Kelly Preston fell in love with her husband John Travolta while 
she was still married to the 'wrong person'.

James Corden calls Ashton Kutcher a 'loser' with a 'dying career' 
during epic rap battle.

Alec and Hilaria Baldwin take three of their children for a 
stroll through New York City.

Katy Perry turns heads in a plunging top with racy leather 
ensemble as she prepares for London tour dates.

Chris Pine is seen with Gal Gadot on Virginia set of Wonder Woman 
sequel as his character is brought back after being killed in 
first film.

TOWIE star Chloe Sims wows in tight leather dress as she enjoys 
girls' night out in Manchester with Shelby Tribble and Georgia 
Kousoulou.

Ariana Grande announces launch of a new perfume - before hinting 
that the fragrance is inspired by her romance with fiancé Pete 
Davidson.

Jacqueline Jossa shows off her baby bump while Dan Osborne takes 
the kids to the park as they continue to 'see how things go' 
after split.

Holly Willoughby shows This Morning viewers her underwear before 
cracking up over VERY crude joke.

Love Island's Camilla Thurlow undergoes makeover... as her 
romance with Jamie Jewitt goes from strength-to-strength.

Roseanne Barr is still on Emmy ballot despite sitcom cancellation 
amid racist tweet storm.

Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson shares throwback photo as he reveals 
his goal was to work for the CIA.

Lady Victoria Hervey shows off her toned physique in tiny polka 
dot bikini as she hits the beach in Malibu.

The Chainsmokers' Alex Pall packs on the PDA with video 
vixen-turned-girlfriend, Katelyn Byrd.

Coronation Street star Nicola Thorp puts on a cosy display with 
co-star Charlie de Melo... as they enjoy a night at the theatre 
amid dating rumours.

Bella Thorne attempts sexy beach pose while flaunting toned abs 
as waves crash on her.

 Iggy Azalea flaunts her bountiful booty in suggestive snap with  
model Raven Tracey... just one day after sharing  racy NUDE photo 
shoot.

 Cesc Fabregas' new wife Daniella Semaan sizzles in a skimpy 
bikini as they honeymoon in Ibiza.

Demi Rose PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Model sucks on an ice lolly as she 
parades her curves in a tight T-shirt and braces at London Zoo.

Lottie Moss shows off her newly-dyed pink locks during leggy 
outing with scantily-clad pal Tina Stinnes in Barcelona.

Kelly Brook looks cheery as she steps out with boyfriend Jeremy 
Parisi after being branded 'smug' and 'narrow-minded' in working 
mum row .

Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas continue to fuel dating rumours as 
they're seen in NYC.

Kendall Jenner models black lace bra as she looks sultry 
alongside Bella Hadid in new Dsquared2 campaign.

Elizabeth Hurley reveals she didn't think THAT Versace dress was 
a 'big deal' - and says ex Hugh Grant 'seems very happy' with 
Anna Eberstein.

Julianna Margulies reveals George Clooney kept her from being 
killed off their hit TV show ER almost 25 years ago.

Naomi Watts, 49, looks Parisian chic as she goes makeup-free 
during walk with her dog in New York.

Jacqueline Jossa shows off her 'princess bump' as she enjoys day 
out with daughter Ella ahead of due date.

Holly Willoughby admits she feels like a 'bad parent' for NOT 
letting her son Harry, nine, play violent game Fortnite - because 
his friends all enjoy it.

Will Meghan win an EMMY? The Duchess of Sussex has been put 
forward for a prestigious acting award for her final season of 
Suits.

 Dua Lipa sizzles in a VERY racy outfit as she tweets about 
'ditching toxic people' after boyfriend Isaac Carew is seen 
getting close to a mystery girl .

She DOES have a sweet tooth! Victoria Beckham raves about the 
chocolate sweetener she adds to her morning coffee (but of course 
it has zero calories).

Claire Foy promotes The Girl In The Spider's Web in Barcelona as 
fans leap to her defence amid claims she is 'too prim' to play 
Lisbeth .

SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: How the Clooneys saved a village theatre 
from woodworm! .

Kady McDermott EXCLUSIVE: Love Island star on why she HATES being 
'so single' and thinks Dr Alex is 'The One' as she launches 
swimwear line.

Mollie King showcases her sensational figure in flirty floral 
bikini during sunny tropical getaway.

Idris Elba looks smitten with his fiancée Sabrina Dhowre as they 
enjoy the Ibiza sunshine with his three-year-old son Winston.

Jess Impiazzi wows in watermelon swimsuit as she straddles 
flamingo inflatable at poolside in Spain.

British schoolgirl, 13, wows America's Got Talent with her 
performance of Hard to Handle - and is awarded with a 'golden 
buzzer' fast-track to live shows.

Claire Danes talks pregnancy and says son Cyrus, five, was once 
jealous but now kisses her bump.

Farrah Abraham repeatedly screams 'go f*** yourself' at Beverly 
Hills Police during hotel arrest.

Dr Luke firmly denies allegation made by Kesha in a text message 
to Lady Gaga that the music producer raped Katy Perry calling the 
accusation 'baseless and irresponsible'.

Love Island: Caroline Flack hits out at Adam Collard on Twitter 
after his 'sly' behaviour towards Rosie Williams.

Jada Pinkett Smith says she knew when her son Jaden lost his 
virginity because he suddenly had 'swag'.

Claire Danes keeps it classy in long black maternity dress while 
stepping out in New York City.

Angelina Jolie's spokesperson fires back after 'misleading and 
deplorable' leak of court documents amid new custody arrangement 
with Brad.

Farrah Abraham released from Beverly Hills police station in 
BIKINI TOP after profanity-laden arrest.

Billy Bob Thornton says the necklaces he shared with Angelina 
Jolie weren't 'a bucket of blood' .

Jessica Alba sports navy coat and chunky heels while indulging in 
a bit of retail therapy in Paris.

Olivia Attwood admits she's similar to Love Island's Hayley... 
despite calling Islander 'the child of Satan'.

Top Gun star Kelly McGillis makes a rare public appearance 32 
years after release of hit film.

Sarah Jessica Parker, 53, looks half her age with new highlights, 
fresh tan and floral dress in NYC.

Nicki Minaj is ravishing in red as she talks being single for the 
first time in twenty years.

Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger's daughter Ireland lands at new 
modeling agency to pump up career.

Mama June reveals she has gained back 25lbs of the 300lbs she 
lost as she cannot exercise because she's going BLIND.

Blac Chyna puts on an eye-popping display in mixed print coords 
as she debuts new platinum blonde locks... after denying 
pregnancy rumours.

Christie Brinkley's daughter Sailor looks toned in swimsuit 
during St Tropez vacation... before sharing two stunning 
portraits.

Priyanka Chopra shows off her toned legs in cream wraparound 
skirt... after date with Nick Jonas.

Jada Pinkett Smith looks stunning in white dress... after 
revealing she 'often' contemplated suicide.

Johnny Depp makes an eccentric statement in a striped top and 
baseball cap in Poland... after 'ill appearance' concern.

Charlize Theron and Alexander Skarsgard's romance is 'back on' 
six years after first dating.

Jennifer Lopez, 48, and Alex Rodriguez, 42, pose with their kids 
at home after taco dinner.

Chris Pine as Steve Trevor is BACK in Wonder Woman sequel after 
DYING in first film as image from the movie, now set in 1984, is 
released.

Demi Moore, 55, is trying her hand at comedy with the movie 
Corporate Animals after sizzling on TV's Empire.

Colin Farrell and Eva Green star in first trailer for Tim 
Burton's remake of Dumbo .

Sophia Bush showcases fab figure in electric blue dress and green 
heels as she steps out in NYC.

Jennifer Ellison shows off her curves in tight gym gear for 
outdoor workout... a year on from her incredible three weight 
loss.

Hugh Hefner's 'dark secrets' are set to be exposed by a new TV 
documentary.

Corrie's Jack P. Shepherd puts on a VERY amorous display with 
girlfriend Hanni Treweek in Mykonos after fuelling engagement 
rumours .

Metallica rocker James Hetfield, 54, shows off his toned physique 
as he relaxes with his family during lavish yacht holiday in 
Mykonos.

Lilly Becker goes make-up free as she jets back to London while 
ex Boris steps out with son Elias following their split.

Farrah Abraham claims profanity-laden arrest was 'a 
misunderstanding' after her release from custody.

Busy Philipps grabs coffee with husband Marc Silverstein... after 
saying her daughter looks like a Sex And The City character.

Blondie star Debbie Harry, 72, cuts a youthful figure as she 
steps out in patterned dress with daring keyhole cutout at annual 
picnic event.

Tiffany Haddish reveals she hit on Leonardo DiCaprio earlier this 
year at a party... and it made him 'laugh'.

Glen Powell thinks Ariana Grande and Pete Davidson 'are two sides 
of the same coin' and that marriage 'will work'.

Magic Johnson's son EJ Johnson models figure-hugging white dress 
at Svedka bash in LA.

Stinky booty duty! John Legend sings adorable song about 'Luna's 
poopy' as he changes his daughter's diaper in a sweet new Pampers 
commercial.

 Robbie Williams and wife Ayda Field 'to join X Factor judging 
panel after signing £10M deal'.

Elle MacPherson, 54, says she is GLAD her body isn't the same as 
in her 20s as she credits her youthful glow to yoga, a 
plant-based diet and plenty of sleep.

Dakota Johnson and Chris Martin PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The couple is 
spotted kissing during romantic date in LA.

Piers Morgan struggles to put on a blonde wig as he slams Love 
Island AGAIN... after blasting GMB director as 'ludicrous'.

Rachel Bloom admits she was 'devastated' by Neil Patrick Harris' 
Tonys diss... as actor apologizes to her.

Rebel Wilson's record-breaking $4.5million defamation payout is 
SLASHED to just $600,000 on appeal .

Love Island viewers 'gutted' Niall didn't say goodbye as his 
co-stars are left aghast by his sudden exit... as his friends 
reveal they 'can't get hold of him'.

Sophia Bush reveals how she felt pushed to marry Chad Michael 
Murray adding 'everybody's 22 and stupid'.

Charlize Theron fetches groceries amid rumors things are 'back 
on' with ex fling Alexander Skarsgard.

Lily Allen debuts longer pink locks as she keeps it casual in a 
tracksuit and quirky shades.

Flipping Out sued by Jeff Lewis and Gage Edward's surrogate for 
broadcasting birth and airing jokes about her genitalia.

Imogen Thomas admits her 'heartbreak diet' stems from fears over 
'being a single mother' following split  with Adam Horsley.

Pixie Lott slips her slender frame into quirky printed jumpsuit 
for date night with fiancé Oliver Cheshire.

Kim Kardashian shines in silver thigh-high boots as she shows off 
curvy figure in clinging bodysuit.

Erika Christensen accidentally reveals she is expecting a girl as 
she shows off bump at NYC event.

Hailee Steinfeld is 'pleased' Taylor Swift has made up with Katy 
Perry as it's 'important for women to empower each other'.

Angelina Jolie ordered to give Brad Pitt more access to their 
kids or risk losing primary custody.

Jenson Button ENGAGED: F1 ace pops the question to former Playboy 
model Brittny Ward... less than three years after divorce from 
Jessica Michibata.

No eye contact, no small talk and don't stand too close: MeToo 
icon Rose McGowan's diva demands revealed .

Stella McCartney says Meghan's wedding reception gown was her 
last chance to reflect her 'human side' before taking on 
'austere' royal role.

Sarah Paulson hilariously admits her Ocean's 8 premiere dress 
made her look like a 'highlighter'... and reveals she's in her 
prime in her 40s.

Her majesty's mini me! Eagle-eyed royal fans spot Princess 
Charlotte copying Gan-Gan's wave after watching the Queen greet 
the crowds at Trooping The Colour.

'I hit him f***ing hard': Sophia Bush says she slugged One Tree 
Hill creator when he groped her on set, but told no one to 
protect the show's 200 crew members.

Prince Charles comforts an elderly woman in palliative care as he 
continues his whistlestop tour of Northern Ireland.

Fury as Prince Edward takes '£37,000' taxpayer-funded private jet 
for 133-mile trip between engagements (when the train would have 
cost £250).

A VERY cheeky cousin! How Savannah Philips PUSHED third-in-line 
to the throne Prince George and sent him sliding down a hill.

'We thought he would last forever': Stephen Hawking's daughter 
reveals how his death left the family reeling in her first TV 
interview since he died .

Johnny Depp presented with explicit fan portrait of himself... 
after worrying fans with 'ill appearance'.

Katie Price 'gets a new tattoo dedicated to her family'... amid 
claims ex Peter Andre has 'BANNED her from seeing their two kids'.

Lisa Armstrong and Ant McPartlin split: Make-up artist looks 
glamorous as she enjoys a VERY cheeky girls night in.

Coronation Street SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt enjoys date with 
'besotted' love interest Ryan Connor amid revenge plot.

Love Island: Laura and Wes confess what REALLY happened in the 
Hideaway after becoming the first couple to sleep in the secluded 
den.

Love Island fans slam Georgia for 'forgetting' about Niall as he 
leaves the villa for personal reasons .

Love Island: Alex blasts Eyal for being 'desperate' as he shares 
yet ANOTHER public smooch with Megan.

Kanye West shares slew of racy images including NAKED Kim 
lookalike as he unveils surprise new Yeezy campaign.

Beyonce and Jay-Z  tickets 'given away for free in a car park as 
stars struggle to fill seats for On The Run II tour'.

Lea Thompson, 57, and her daughters Madelyn, 27, and Zoey, 23, 
look more like SISTERS as they plug new movie.

Pete Davidson covers up tattoo of former girlfriend's face after 
engagement to Ariana Grande.

Kristin Cavallari puts on leggy display in denim mini dress as 
she enjoys cocktail at boozy LA event.

Rooney Mara sells sprawling Los Angeles home to Kelly Osbourne 
for $3.5m after moving in with boyfriend Joaquin Phoenix.

Tamara Ecclestone oozes glamour in all black ensemble as she 
joins her father Bernie for dinner in London.

Pregnant Claire Danes goes make-up free as she covers her baby 
bump in a baggy boiler suit while strolling in NYC .

Annabelle Wallis showcases her chic sense of style in two elegant 
dresses as she promotes new movie Tag in NYC.

Lizzie Cundy shows off her curves in VERY racy silver gown as she 
pours CHAMPAGNE on a waiter during her star-studded 48th birthday 
bash.

Jo Wood playfully sticks her tongue out as she makes very 
high-spirited exit from Lizzie Cundy's birthday bash.

What happened to Redfoo? The eccentric American entertainer has 
traded his Party Rocker roots for a vegan lifestyle and a brand 
new career path.

'We've got serious balls': Tina Arena compares herself to Madonna 
as she strives to compete with star's portrayal in stage 
adaptation of Evita.

Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth's wedding album: Singer posts 
never-seen-before snaps from nuptials to wish husband a Happy 
Valentine's Day.

Myleene Klass pregnant with her third child! Star reveals she's 
expecting her first baby with boyfriend Simon Motson in 
Valentine's Day snap .

Joe Jonas is every inch the doting fiancé as he surprises Sophie 
Turner with a lavish 23rd birthday bash on Valentine's Day.

Kim Kardashian is delighted when Kanye West has Kenny G perform 
in their living room on Valentine's Day among a sea of single 
roses.

BBC quiz show host hits the right note with new lover: Richard 
Osman is dating pint-sized jazz singer who is 17 inches shorter 
than the 6ft 7in star.

One MILLION boxes have flown off the shelves so far, but why are 
people going wild for these weight-loss shots? Here, celebs and 
real life slimmers share their success stories....

Strictly Come Dancing professionals are 'worried they may be axed 
from the series in mass cull' following Pasha Kovalev's shock 
departure.

Nick Jonas, 26, and Priyanka Chopra, 36, celebrate their first 
Valentine's Day together as husband and wife with sweet his and 
hers messages.

Valentine's Day, Hollywood style! Kim Kardashian tells Kanye West 
'I love you so much' while Kylie Jenner gets roses and Khloe 
spoils True.

Love Island's Adam Collard 'spent drunken night with two women in 
a hotel room before dumping Zara McDermott by text'.

EastEnders' Shane Richie reveals he slept on park benches during 
brief homeless period as a struggling actor in his teen years.

FBI opens investigation into Ryan Adams after claims he 'asked a 
15-year-old girl to send nude photos and exposed himself during 
Skype sex' .

Susan Boyle reveals she still lives in her parents' old council 
house and insists she's 'coping better' with fame 10 years after 
her BGT stint.

Tressed to impress! Nigella Lawson, 59, reveals her wrinkle-free 
complexion as she enjoys a pampering session in Sydney.

What is the funniest lie YOU ever told your parents? We round up 
hilarious fibs kids have told their parents (and vice versa!).

Rooney EXC: Coleen ditches wedding ring as she steps out WITH 
Wayne amid claims she wants him to enter rehab after barmaid 
bender (but he's still wearing his!).

Tamara Ecclestone glams it up in red ruched maxi dress and 
leather jacket as she and husband Jay Rutland enjoy Valentine's 
dinner at Nobu in London.

'That's what happens when you drink and tattoo!' Lady Gaga 
quickly fixes mistake on new ink after unveiling huge rose 
inspired by A Star Is Born.

Coleen Rooney spotted buying Valentine's Day balloons after 
ditching her wedding ring from husband Wayne.

Strictly's Katya Jones makes a bleary-eyed exit after enjoying 
romantic Valentine's dinner with husband Neil .

Strictly's Gorka Márquez 'pulls out of stripping naked on The All 
New Monty after injuring his back and is replaced by Dancing On 
Ice star Matt Evers'.

Roses are red, violets are blue, First Dates is truly painful to 
view: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV.

The Bachelor's Colton Underwood leaves fan event early after 
being 'grabbed and touched inappropriately'.

Why Suchet is still the real deal! QUENTIN LETTS on the 
brilliance of 'Sir' David in Arthur Miller's The Price .

Victoria Beckham will launch her official YouTube channel with a 
behind-the-scenes look at her brand and exciting celeb collabs 
during LFW.

Cops raid home of two Empire extras amid claims they're 
investigating if Jussie Smollett staged attack by assailants 
'because he was being written off  show' .

Brooklyn Beckham and Hana Cross kiss at the Eiffel Tower as star 
gushes he is the 'luckiest man in the world' during Valentine's 
break .

Tallia Storm cuts a sultry figure in sizzling red body con dress 
as she party hops between Valentine's bashes.

Kendall Jenner goes bra-less beneath red cardigan for V-Day... 
after giving rare love life interview.

Kady McDermott brands Maria Fowler's daughter, two, VILE in 
explosive row over rival interior design pages... before issuing 
gushing apology.

'It's scary to be this young and married': Hailey Bieber, 22, 
claims Justin, 24, kept her in a 'weird limbo' during on-off 
romance and admits he's her 'first serious relationship'.

Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley and Digby Edgley confirm their 
romance is BACK ON as they step out for Valentine's Day dinner.

Cardi B shows off her ample assets in a plunging bodysuit and 
jeans with husband Offset before sultry serenade at Valentine's 
Day bash in Los Angeles.

BAZ BAMIGBOYE: Charlize and KiKi get their comic-book kicks.

Lea Michele reveals that she's asked Glee co-creator Ryan Murphy 
to officiate wedding to Zandy Reich.

Catherine Zeta-Jones cosies up to husband Michael Douglas and 
children Carys and Dylan as she shares sweet throwback snap for 
Valentine's Day.

'It's the only way to get noticed!' Rachel Johnson STRIPS on Sky 
News to spice up their Brexit debate .

Did Lady Gaga and fiancé Christian Carino split? Insiders say 
couple called it quits but others report the couple 'still plan 
to get married this year'.

Love Island's Ellie Brown sizzles in scarlet strapless dress as 
she joins a busty Kendall Rae Knight at reality star-studded 
Galentine's Day party  .

April Love Geary covers baby bump with gray hoodie as she goes 
grocery shopping in Malibu as due date nears.

Demi Lovato spends Valentine's Day with beau Henri Levi as he 
reveals he 'loves her to the moon and back' .

Lily Allen puffs on a cigarette as she displays her figure in  
bandeau bikini while relaxing on the beach in Australia.

BAZ BAMIGBOYE: Ejiofor is blown away by a fabulous new star.

The Greatest Dancer: Strictly pros set for  performance with 
Cheryl and captains on semi-final episode... which will be Pasha 
Kovalev's LAST dance.

Happy Valentine's Day! Flowers, engagement hints and a defiant 
statement... The Beckhams, Dani Dyer and Kelly Brook lead the 
stars on V Day .

Simon Cowell confirms there will be two series a year of BOTH X 
Factor and Britain's Got Talent in massive format overhaul as he 
aims to boost ratings.

JAN MOIR: It's not just the X Factor that needs the axe factor, 
Simon.

Pirates of The Caribbean reboot in jeopardy after Deadpool 
writers hired by Disney leave project.

Killing Eve season 2: Sinister FIRST LOOK trailer sees Villanelle 
on the run after THAT stabbing... while Eve declares 'I'm going 
to kill her!' .

Jodie Kidd makes her return to the catwalk after ten years for 
glam London Fashion Week show following battle with anxiety.

Kylie Jenner lets daughter Stormi take in the lavish Valentine's 
Day floral presentation Travis Scott 'spent $10K on'.

Ryan Thomas shares sweet snap of girlfriend Lucy Mecklenburgh 
with his daughter Scarlett, nine, as they celebrate Valentine's 
Day.

Khan Do! Veteran diva Chaka returns after 12 years - and proves 
she is the queen of funk, jazz AND rock.

Tina Malone has Valentine's night out at funfair in Manchester... 
amid court proceedings 'for re-tweeting photo of James Bulger's 
killer Jon Venables'.

Justin Bieber looks downcast as he plays basketball ALONE on 
Valentine's Day amid battle with depression... while wife Hailey 
picks up donuts.

Kylie Jenner's huge $1million purse closet contains 'at least 
400' designer handbags.

Ben Affleck's ex Lindsay Shookus is spotted out in New York amid 
rumors the two 'could get back together'.

Gwyneth Paltrow's husband Brad Falchuk says 'holy f*** am I in 
love with you' as they both post sweet Valentine's Day tributes.

Kendall Jenner hits back at perception she 'throws men in the 
trash' after several high-profile romances during candid 
interview with Hailey Baldwin .

Khloe Kardashian shares massive heart-shaped floral arrangement 
from Tristan Thompson before snuggling up to True on Valentine's 
Day.

Michael Avenatti says he has new video evidence of R. Kelly 
having sex with a 14-year-old girl and urinating on her as she 
calls him 'daddy'.

Gabrielle Union claps back at Instagram user who confused her for 
singer Brandy Norwood: 'Your eye witness testimony is a problem'.

Jude Law arrives home on Valentine's Day with a bouquet of three 
long stemmed roses for his long time girlfriend Phillipa Coan.

Love Island's Kaz Crossley shows ex Josh Denzel what he's missing 
on Valentine's Day as she flaunts her cleavage in lacy red 
lingerie.

21 Savage gives first interview since his release on bond and 
says he was tracked with a helicopter by cops who said 'we got 
Savage' when they snared him.

Ciara gets topless in the hot tub as she and husband Russell 
Wilson get his and hers Mercedes for Valentine's Day.

Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 31, gushes over 'my valentines' as she 
shares a rare snap of son Jack with fiancé Jason Statham, 51.

Rob Kardashian shares Valentine's Day photo of Dream as he says 
'daddy loves you'... amid ongoing custody battle with Blac Chyna.

Strictly's Giovanni Pernice hails girlfriend Ashley Roberts his 
'princess' as he shares loved-up snap to celebrate Valentine's 
Day.

Melissa McCarthy enjoys romantic stroll with husband Ben Falcone 
days after stumbling out of a London party at 5am .

Kerry Katona flaunts her gym-honed figure in a bandeau crochet 
bikini as she takes a break from Celebs Go Dating filming in 
Tenerife.

Holly Willoughby lovingly gazes at husband Daniel Baldwin as she 
shares rare Valentine's snap of the couple.

Olivia Newton-John biopic starring Delta Goodrem is set to air on 
Lifetime in America - a year after the Grease star said she was 
'horrified' by the film.

Gisele Bündchen and Tom Brady share the love as cute couple 
cuddle up for his-and-hers Valentine's Day messages.

A sexy Valentine's Day surprise? Iggy Azalea, 28, strips down to 
black lingerie as her romance with toyboy rapper Playboi Carti, 
22, heats up.

Jeff Bezos 'discussed marriage with Lauren Sanchez, sent her 20 
intimate pics and tried to buy American Media after National 
Enquirer's affair expose' claims mistress' brother.

Two persons of interest identified in Jussie Smollett hate crime 
attack from surveillance 'include actor who has appeared on 
Empire' as both men are tracked down .

Beyonce takes the plunge in arty orange suit as she supports 
exhibition opening with husband Jay-Z during early Valentine's 
Day date night.

Jess Wright puckers up for kiss with sister Natalya as they joke 
they are each other's Valentine while on holiday in Mexico.

Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson reveals production has started on 
Jumanji 2 as he asks fans 'wanna play a game?'.

Billie Faiers and Greg Shepherd enjoy romantic Valentine's Day 
meal... as he surprises her with Louis Vuitton bag, balloons and 
pink roses.

Love Island's Laura Anderson 'left furious as co-star Megan 
Barton Hanson ignores her at industry events amid bitter feud'.

Katie Price's ex-husband Kieran Hayler attempts to shock by 
revealing he has 'become a daddy again' in attention-seeking post 
on Valentine's Day .

'Lucky me!' Andy Cohen celebrates with his 'TWO Valentines' baby 
Ben and dog Wacha before hitting the gym.

Wes Nelson reveals ex Megan Barton Hanson BLOCKED him after their 
split and admits DOI was to blame as she 'couldn't deal' with him 
being career-driven .

Extra host A.J. Calloway is spotted for the first time since 
sexual abuse allegations as his accusers reveal details of the 
alleged attacks.

Margot Robbie will NOT be returning as Harley Quinn in Suicide 
Squad sequel or Gotham City Sirens... and Jared Leto's Joker film 
is scrapped too.

Lauren Goodger shows off her eye-popping curves in sexy gold 
lingerie as she poses in corridor of Dubai hotel to wish fans a 
happy Valentine's Day.

Loose Women viewers in hysterics over 'cringe' and 'chaotic' live 
engagements... as three women propose to their VERY stunned 
partners.

Gwyneth Paltrow reps her Goop brand in $595 chambray dress in 
Brentwood and chats Netflix series.

Jim Bob Duggar wishes his 'sweet, virtuous' wife Michelle a happy 
Valentine's Day with retro snaps.

Jennifer Lopez, 49, stuns in green gown as she reveals beau A-Rod 
spoiled her with roses, candy and cake during first Valentine's 
Day.

Katie Price books 'designer vagina' surgery as Valentine's gift 
to HERSELF after she 'bought expensive gifts for her exes and got 
nothing back'.

Charlotte Crosby sizzles in orange bikini on sun-kissed holiday 
as she says she will get 'lots of kisses with tongues' from 
boyfriend Josh Ritchie for Valentine's Day.

Peter Andre reveals daughter Amelia, 5, wished him a 'happy 
Fallon cystitis day' as he shares hilarious Valentine's Day text 
messages.

Wendy Williams and husband Kevin Hunter are '100 percent NOT 
involved' with changes to her talk show.

Ferne McCann fans are MORTIFIED by her flirtation with Charlie 
Brake... as he discusses getting her naked, being in charge and 
her being his 'dessert'.

EastEnders SPOILER: Hunter Owen struggles to keep his cool during 
police interrogation after the brutal murder of Ray Kelly.

Stacey Solomon sparks engagement rumours with Joe Swash as she 
HIDES her left hand after Valentine's Day surprise.

'The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be 
loved in return': Nicole Kidman posts a gushing tribute to her 
husband Keith Urban .

Melania Trump wears head-to-toe pink - including a $1,800 wool 
coat - to make candygrams and exchange Valentine's Day cards with 
sick kids.

Inside Georgia Kousoulou and Tommy Mallet's home: TOWIE stars 
have Valentine's Day makeover complete with plush textiles and 
mirrored gold furniture.

Charlie Sheen reveals he will not make cameo on RHOBH after 
ex-wife Denise Richards became housewife: 'I don't appear on 
shows I don't watch'.

Gretchen Rossi, 40, of RHOC shows off her baby bump while wearing 
lingerie as she's over four months into her first pregnancy.

Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton head to church amid claims they 
are trying to overcome 'obstacles' in relationship.

Kelly Brook can't keep the smile off her face as she steps out 
after sparking engagement rumours with loved-up selfie with 
Jeremy Parisi for Valentine's Day.

Malin Andersson pays tribute to 'ultimate Valentine' Tom and 
admits they have been 'absolute messes' after laying 
four-week-old daughter Consy to rest.

Camille Grammer FINALLY enjoys her honeymoon with David C Meyer 
in the Swiss Alps... after she lost her mansion during Malibu 
fires.

The Wanted's Tom Parker announces he is expecting first child 
with wife Kelsey Hardwick.

Katy Perry transforms into catsuit clad android as she questions 
the existence of love in bleak futuristic video for brand new 
single 365.

'It was very romantic... there was snow on the ground!' Hailey 
Bieber recalls her sweet first kiss - as she reveals the most 
romantic thing her new husband Justin has ever done.

Home in time for Valentine's dinner! Harry jets out of Arctic 
Circle on £20k private flight after three-hour trip to see 
Marines' training site.

Avril Lavigne stuns in low-cut jumpsuit while arm-in-arm with 
billionaire boyfriend Phillip Sarofim in New York.

Davina McCall looks radiant in a red wrap coat and quirky bow tie 
as she gathers her showbiz pals and hosts annual ReRun bash.

Peter Gunz of Love & Hip Hop gets trolled for praising Cardi B 
for Grammy win three years after slamming her on the reality show 
reunion.

SNL vet Kenan Thompson will produce a revival of the 
sketch-comedy series All That for Nickelodeon.

Rebel Wilson says it's a challenge dating in LA due to 
Hollywood's 'unrealistic beauty standards' - almost two years 
after her last relationship.

Graham Norton and Alan Carr CONFIRMED as judges for RuPaul's Drag 
Race UK... as they join RuPaul and Michelle Visage on the judging 
panel    .

Gemma Collins looks delighted as she arrives at The Dorchester 
after James Argent hints a PROPOSAL could be on the cards for 
Valentine's Day.

Paris Hilton stomps on her 38th birthday cake while dancing on 
table... ahead of Anti V-Day DJ gig.

Noel Edmonds, 70, believes 'cosmic ordering' brought him and wife 
Liz Davies, 49, together as they talk about their secrets to 
long-lasting marriage .

Spencer Matthews set to join Kate Garraway and Richard Madeley on 
Good Morning Britain for a special stint as a showbiz reporter.

Emmerdale's Joe Warren Plant, 16, splashes out on a blue 1967 
Ford Mustang V8 Coupe (but he's too young to drive it!).

Courteney Cox, 54, reveals she didn't lose her virginity until 
she was 21 when her MOTHER suggested it was time she sleep with 
her boyfriend.

Cheryl reveals she is on the hunt for a new man in cheeky 
Valentine's post... and is met by an influx of VERY enthusiastic 
responses from fans  .

Sarah Hyland and her boyfriend Wells Adams share a romantic 
Valentine's Day kiss above a jungle in Mexico.

Brad Pitt emerges for first time since Jennifer Aniston's 50th 
birthday party... as it's revealed he asked for her 'forgiveness' 
over how he handled their divorce.

Danny Dyer shares rare Valentine's tribute to 'complex' wife 
Joanne Mas as he posts snap of them in full royal attire in 
homage to his regal heritage .

EXC: Former RHOBH Eden Sassoon invites DailyMailTV's cameras to 
film her $25,000 procedure dubbed the 'Ferrari of face-lifts' - 
and then unveils her stunning new look.

Carol McGiffin, 58, shares details of her 'special' secret 
Thailand wedding to Mark Cassidy, 36... as she shows off her HUGE 
diamond ring .

Chip Gaines declares his love for wife Joanna as he inscribes 
giant Valentine's Day message on the side of a SILOS.

Emily Atack gets pranked by a Calvin Harris impersonator after 
appealing to the real-life DJ to take her out on Valentine's Day.

Kim Zolciak 'wasn't invited' to Andy Cohen's baby shower with the 
Real Housewives and has 'moved on' from Nene Leakes relationship.

Ronnie Ortiz-Magro is leaving Las Vegas WITHOUT baby mama Jen 
Harley to film dating show in LA (and he doesn't know where their 
baby will live).

Charlize Theron opts for extreme comfort in a black sweater and 
leggings for sushi with friends in LA.

'Smoooooooookin': Westworld actor Luke Hemsworth gushes over a  
bikini snap of his stunning wife Samantha as he posts a tribute 
to her on Valentine's Day.

Mary J Blige wraps herself in a fur coat as she stops by Good 
Morning America to talk up her Netflix show The Umbrella Academy.

Kate Wright organises sweet 'last minute' Valentine's surprise 
for fiancé Rio Ferdinand and his kids... complete with balloon 
arch and bejewelled roses.

Barack Obama pays tribute to his 'one and only' Michelle on 
Valentine's Day by posting a photo of her dancing to Motown - as 
she celebrates .

Blue is the colour! The Queen looks radiant in the spring 
sunshine as she unveils a plaque in London to mark centenary of 
the UK's security agency.

Inside Amanda Holden's birthday bash: BGT judge turns 48 in style 
surrounded by her famous pals including David Walliams and 
Myleene Klass.

Cardi B and Offset 'bought two houses together in January in 
Georgia worth $100K' before they were officially back together.

Felicity Jones brands herself 'a d**k' during This Morning 
interview when shown a clip of her starring in The Worst Witch 
aged 14.

Paris Hilton celebrates World War II veteran Sidney Walton's 
100th birthday at the Philipp Plein show during New York Fashion 
Week.

LeBron James says he wants to buy his own NBA franchise after he 
retires just like Hornets owner Michael Jordan, adding there 
'ain't no "maybe" about it, I'm going to do that s***'.

Coronation Street's Dolly-Rose Campbell comes out as bisexual... 
as she reveals 'the love and acceptance' of Manchester helped 
give her pride.

Hollywood stars from Scorsese to Tarantino sign open letter 
calling the plan to hand out four Academy Awards during 
commercials an 'insult' .

Modern Meghan and classic Kate! Duchesses show how to master two 
VERY different make-up looks for their evening engagements .

Demi Rose showcases her killer curves in a skimpy purple latex 
bikini as she displays blonde transformation during sun-soaked 
Thailand trip .

Keeley Hawes reveals her hurt over speculation she was wearing 
'ageing make-up' for new series Traitors - revealing it was just 
her face without cosmetics.

Rapper Gucci Mane proudly flaunts the giant 60 CARAT 'upgrade' 
ring he bought his wife for Valentine's Day - after showing off 
the huge diamond pinky ring she got him .

EXCLUSIVE: Sister of Veep's Julia Louis-Dreyfus who died of an 
overdose complained she felt 'dizzy' two hours before 'falling 
over and convulsing for five minutes' .

AJ Pritchard sends fans into a panic as he reveals he 'doesn't 
know' whether he'll be part of the Strictly 2019 line-up... after 
Pasha Kovalev quits show.

Rosa Salazar debuts platinum blonde locks in snakeskin sequin 
mini dress as she attends the Alita: Battle Angel film premiere 
in Tokyo.

Suki Waterhouse goes make-up free as she dons a VERY casual 
outfit on solo outing.

Love Island's Zara McDermott reveals her 26-inch waist jeans are 
now too BIG as she vows to 'keep smiling' after 'heartbreaking' 
Adam Collard split.

Idris Elba, 46, surprises his fiancée Sabrina Dhowre, 29, by 
greeting her at Heathrow Airport in romantic Valentine's Day 
gesture.

Holly Willoughby calls in sick to This Morning for a SECOND day 
due to illness... as Rochelle Humes resumes presenting duties 
with Phillip Schofield .

Chloe Goodman dazzles in deeply plunging swimsuit as she joins 
her swimsuit-clad sister Lauryn in Dubai .

Kylie Minogue shows off gigantic bunch of white roses as she 
celebrates first Valentine's with Paul Solomons.

Strictly's Neil and Katya Jones celebrate their first Valentine's 
Day since THAT kiss scandal... amid claims he'll replace Pasha on 
the show.

The actresses' new must-have accessory... her daughter! Celebrity 
mums show off their offspring as they hit the red carpet .

Tamara Ecclestone wakes up to a VERY lavish Valentine's Day 
surprise from Jay Rutland with her home filled with  thousands of 
pounds worth of flowers.

EastEnders star Hetti Bywater flaunts her toned figure in tiny 
leopard print bikini as she hits back at cruel bodyshamers  .

Jeremy Clarkson, 58, treats his girlfriend Lisa Hogan, 46, to 
romantic beach picnic in Vietnam for Valentine's Day.

Jenna Bush celebrates Valentine's Day by sharing a youthful 
throwback photo of herself and her husband Henry Hager - as well 
as a sweet snap of their daughters .

Coronation Street's Gemma turns the air blue in front of Joseph 
with two pre-watershed F-bomb expletives in swearing storyline.

Laura Anderson hints she'll meet Max George in Vegas during 30th 
birthday trip after he slid into her DMs... but declares she's 
had ENOUGH of dating.

Miley Cyrus posts naughty message on Twitter to husband Liam 
Hemsworth ahead of Valentine's Day.

Emily Ratajkowski flashes her derriere as she plugs swimwear line 
with grocery store photo-shoot.

Johnny Depp looks unrecognisable as he transforms into WWII 
photographer W. Eugene Smith on set of biopic Minamata.

Duke of Cambridge pays a visit to a barber shop in Paddington 
that supports men's mental health as he spends Valentine's Day 
away from Kate.

Strictly Come Dancing's Pasha Kovalev quit 'because girlfriend 
Rachel Riley feared show's curse and claimed ballroom pro was 
underpaid' .

2 Frozen 2 Flurrious! Twitter users pitch witty (and pun-filled) 
alternate titles for the hotly-anticipated Frozen sequel - after 
the first trailer for the movie was finally released.

'I love you, mum... and Hugh Jackman': Robbie Williams's daughter 
Teddy delights him as she recites hilarious birthday speech as he 
turns 45.

Lizzie Cundy embraces Valentine's Day in cleavage-baring red 
dress and matching boots as she attends VIP reception and fashion 
show.

Danielle Armstrong poses in very sexy heart-print underwear as 
she wishes her fans a happy Valentine's... (or Gal-entine's) day 
ahead of Full Monty .

Brie Larson channels ballerina chic and smiles for fans as she 
struts out on stage at Captain Marvel event in Singapore.

English rose! Elegant Kate dons a delicate pink Gucci gown as she 
steps out for a glittering gala dinner at the V&A.

Halle Berry, 52, shows off her relaxed style in a floral 
embroidered jacket as she wraps up during a rainy day in LA.

Vicky Pattison poses in red lingerie for first Valentine's Day 
with new boyfriend Ercan Ramadan... after hitting out at 
body-shaming weight loss advert.

Gigi Hadid bares her bosom in plunging black gown as Kaia Gerber 
struts in ruffles and lace for star-studded Marc Jacobs show at 
NYFW.

Love Island's Gabby Allen reveals Diazepam has got her 'doing all 
crazy weird things' and that she's 'hearing voices that don't 
exist' .

Liam Payne's ex Cairo Dwek sizzles in a very scanty string bikini 
as she hit the beach in Barbados .

'What a donut!' The Chase viewers are left in stitches by 
contestant who gives the same WRONG answer as the Chaser .

Victoria Beckham announces her FIRST beauty collection is 
launching later this year- and it will feature everything from 
fragrance to 'wellness'.

Tom Brady proves he's lost his 'dad bod' from last year as he 
flaunts abs that match Gisele's while celebrating his Super Bowl 
win in Costa Rica.

Loose Women's Carol McGiffin bursts into tears during cancer 
story line clip after her own diagnosis... as fans query whether 
she had been warned.

This Morning fans in hysterics as they discover the window 
backdrop is FAKE... after it breaks in hilarious blunder.

Kady McDermott is DROPPED by clothing brand after calling Maria 
Fowler's daughter, two, 'vile'... as trolls 'wish her cancer, her 
future child's death and urge her to commit suicide'.

Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom are congratulated by celebrity 
friends like Kate Hudson after they share news of engagement.

Gemma Collins visits Harrods with James Argent as they treat Matt 
Evers to a personal shopping experience... after Valentine's at 
The Dorchester.

Love Island star Ellie Brown 'has undergone a secret BOOB JOB... 
and now feels sexier and more womanly'.

Toy Story 4: Woody and Bo Peep team up to save a lost toy in a 
VERY familiar location for intense new clip from the 
hotly-anticipated sequel.

Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom ENGAGED: Actor pops the question 
with 'wildly valuable $5m' flower ring in front of singer's 
entire family.

Star Wars Episode IX: Director JJ Abrams announces the film has 
WRAPPED filming as he releases new photo: 'It was a magical crew 
and cast'.

Salma Hayek reveals she has adopted an pet OWL as she poses with 
adorable feathered friend in candid Instagram snaps .

Ricky Hatton is whipped, handcuffed and gagged in bondage gear 
for bizarre video clip as he declares its the 'best Valentine's 
Day present ever'.

Millie Mackintosh cuts a glamorous figure in plunging satin 
jumpsuit as she cosies up to husband Hugo Taylor at star-studded 
Amanda Wakeley LFW show.

Kim Kardashian rocks snakeskin in throwback photo from last 
year... after being serenaded by Kenny G at Kanye West's request.

Ben Affleck reveals his ex-wife Jennifer Garner thought it was 
'creepy' how he decorated their son's room in Patriots gear to 
force him into being a fan.

Myleene Klass proudly shows off her baby bump as she is seen for 
the first time since revealing she's expecting her first baby 
with Simon Motson.

Ben Affleck officially retires as Batman... before Jimmy Kimmel 
mocks his love of Tom Brady with a number 12 Batsuit.

Shipwrecked stars strip NAKED amid battle to woo sexy 
newcomers... as they pose up a storm for VERY racy life drawing 
class.

Christine McGuinness reveals her toned frame in leopard print 
sweater and skintight jeans as she steps out in Cheshire.

Kendall Jenner says sister Kylie insisted on throwing Stormi an 
over-the-top 1st birthday party and 'didn't care' what people 
thought.

Ariana Grande makes UK Chart history as she becomes the first 
female artist to hold the number one album spot and top two 
singles at the same time.

Megan Barton Hanson admits she feels 'sad and empty' after split 
from ex Wes Nelson as she defends sharing emotional clips about 
her break-up.

Gigi Hadid wears £880 Louis Vuitton headphones as she arrives in 
London ahead of LFW appearance.

Amber Heard looks incredible as she slips into a black leotard 
and lace ruff for Wonderland cover... as she discusses her 
feminism and activism work.

Hanson EXCLUSIVE: Taylor details 'getting drunk, making mistakes 
and doing stupid stuff' as he reveals the flip-side to the band's 
clean-cut image .

'Rest In Peace, Mammy': Jedward pay tribute to their mother 
Susanna as she passes away after living with cancer 'for many 
years'.

Priyanka Chopra, 36, is a ray of sunshine as she wows in stunning 
yellow ensemble during London trip.

Vicky Pattison wows in neon swimwear in yet ANOTHER saucy snap 
from Dubai getaway... as the star insists 'I am my own reason to 
smile'.

Ben Foden admits he DID cheat on Una Healy during their six-year 
marriage... but insists his philandering wasn't the only reason 
for their divorce.

Justin Theroux, 47, enjoys Valentine's Day boxing session with 
Brooks Nader, 23... days after birthday tribute to estranged wife 
Jennifer Aniston.

Tiger Lily Taylor puts her best fashion foot forward in printed 
coords as she attends Marta Jakubowski's LFW show.

Ben Affleck is seen taking a smoke break in LA... after claims he 
is trying to get back together with Lindsay Shookus.

Amber Le Bon looks effortlessly chic in white midi dress as she 
attends Amanda Wakeley's LFW presentation.

Jess Glynne forced to cancel BRITs Week show after being put on 
'strict vocal rest' by doctors following illness.

Miranda Lambert was 'flipping plates and trying to hit people' 
during steakhouse fight which ended with her 'dumping a salad on 
a woman's head', 911 call reveals.

The Happy Prince! Laughing Charles looks animated as he goes back 
to the classroom to meet students on a visit to Oxfordshire .

Casual Fridays! Meghan Markle's best friend Jessica Mulroney 
wears minimal makeup as she steps out in New York in sweats - 
after spending Valentine's Day apart from her husband Ben.

Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin hold hands after he played 
basketball alone in the snow on Valentine's Day... amid claims 
he's struggling with depression.

Serena Williams rocks revealing denim cutoffs and a sheer leopard 
print shirt to show off her new pottery hobby.

Kourtney Kardashian shares cute flashback image of her daughter 
Penelope with Kim's mini-me child North West.

Charlize Theron, 43, says she 'single' as she looks radiant in 
red dress during Ellen interview... after it's claimed she is 
dating Brad Pitt.

Ryan Gosling and Eva Mendes make a rare appearance together as 
they take their two daughters out to pick up flowers for 
Valentine's Day.

 Lady Amelia Windsor flashes a hint of midriff as she steps out 
in a VERY colourful leopard and floral patterned ensemble at 
London Fashion Week.

Lindsay Lohan takes to social media to slam Tamar Braxton after 
the singer beats her mom Dina on Celebrity Big Brother.

Gigi Hadid looks sad as she spends her first Valentine's Day 
alone after heartbreaking Zayn Malik split.

Fleur East snubs Simon Cowell's X Factor overhaul by insisting 
she will NOT go back for new all-star edition (but Stevi Ritchie 
is open to offers).

Chris Pratt names his new baby lamb Cupid after it was born on 
Valentine's Day: 'This is farm life!'.

Iskra Lawrence cuts a glamorous figure in black lace as she 
cosies up to boyfriend Philip Payne in romantic Valentine's Day 
snap.

Luann de Lesseps and Jill Zarin enjoy a Real Housewives reunion 
in Miami... as New York star 'violates probation' terms stemming 
from 2017 arrest.

EastEnders star Samantha Womack is reduced to TEARS after 
reuniting with soap sister Rita Simons on Loose Women... two 
years after grisly death.

TOWIE's Danielle Armstrong displays her washboard abs in crop top 
as she joins Megan Barton Hanson at Celebrity Full Monty 
rehearsals.

Beyoncé showcases her phenomenal figure in a red latex mini dress 
as she enjoys romantic dinner with husband Jay Z on Valentine's 
Day in Malibu.

X Factor star Chico Slimani, 47, confirms he's been given the 
'all clear' and is 'back to full health'... four months after 
suffering a huge stroke .

Winnie Harlow becomes the first ever model with vitiligo to pose 
for Sports Illustrated Swimsuit - as behind-the-scenes snaps are 
revealed .

Demi Rose shows off her jaw-dropping curves in a strapless dress 
with racy cut-outs at glitzy Mark Fast LFW show .

Abbey Clancy looks radiant as she showcases her blossoming baby 
bump in a shoulderless black mini dress for London Fashion Week 
event .

Avril Lavigne performs title track from her album Head Above 
Water on GMA... after stepping out with billionaire boyfriend 
Phillip Sarofim.

Keeley Hawes looks effortlessly elegant in all-black ensemble as 
she visits travel agent ahead of new series Traitors.

Mickey Rourke, 66, stands out in NYC as he models cowboy hat with 
camo jacket, slacks and shoes while holding his dog.

Lady Victoria Hervey dons glittering broken heart T-shirt as she 
celebrates Valentine's Day in LA alongside pal Billy Zane.

Dua Lipa proudly displays her 'spotty post-facial' skin as she 
posts a make-up free selfie on Valentine's Day.

Johnny Vaughan, 52, proudly shares a bikini snap of stunning 
girlfriend Vanessa Howard, 35, before enjoying boozy fishing trip 
in idyllic Costa Rica.

Lilah Parsons exudes glamour in a plunging cobalt blue dress as 
she and chic Amber Le Bon attend Kurt Geiger LFW event .

Coronation Street's Shayne Ward and fiancée Sophie Austin step 
out holding hands as they enjoy a Valentine's Day dinner date .

Colin Kaepernick and Eric Reid settle grievances against the NFL 
after suing the league and accusing the owners of colluding 
against them in retaliation for protesting during the anthem.

Philip Winchester of Law And Order: SVU becomes dad again... 
hours after announcing wife's pregnancy.

Stacey Dooley labels boyfriend Sam Tucknott 'useless, annoying 
and messy around the house'... amid claims their relationship is 
under strain.

Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her blossoming baby bump as she 
heads to BBC studios in denim dungarees.

The Chase's Jenny 'The Vixen' Ryan was kicked out of her train 
seat to make room for Dean Gaffney... yet forgives the star after 
receiving apology cake.

Ryan Reynolds reveals he came face-to-face with a bear when he 
was camping with friends: 'We naturally flipped out'.

Claims come to light that Michael Jackson's chimp Bubbles, 35, 
was 'beaten' 'tried to take his own life' and 'self harmed'.

Tilda Swinton submits plans for an extension to her £650,000 
Highland home including a wet room for her DOGS after neighbours 
slammed her  'brutal' designs .

Mayweather fights with T.I. and 50 Cent over supporting Gucci 
after blackface controversy - claims rappers are promoting fake 
advocacy .

Dave Chappelle surprises a couple with free seats to his stand-up 
show after they were scammed out of $500 thanks to a Craig'slist 
ploy.

Lady Mary Charteris looks ethereal in a plunging lilac floral 
maxi dress at the Ryan Lo show during London Fashion Week.

'You'll get used to the color orange in prison': Ivanka Trump is 
mocked online as she wears bright $4,300 Oscar de la Renta dress 
to attend Munich Security Conference meeting.

Cardi B and Offset shower strippers with dollar bills during 
romantic Valentine's Day celebration... before she strips off for 
luxurious bubble bath.

Ronan Keating's daughter Missy, 17, discusses how her father 
inspired her to get into music as she auditions for The Voice UK 
alongside pal.

Daisy Lowe displays her chic style in a lilac shirt dress with 
ruffle detailing as she attends the Bora Aksu show at LFW.

Memories of Diana: Kensington Palace announces a new exhibition 
of the late royal's fashion - including a Catherine Walker 
evening gown.

Celebs Go Dating's Megan McKenna shows off her sizzling physique 
in a leopard print swimsuit as she takes a break from filming 
with ex Pete Wicks.

Back on home turf! Elsa Pataky shows off her slims pins and 
midriff as she dons a dark blue ensemble at fashion launch in her 
native Spain.

EXCLUSIVE: Ant McPartlin's ex wife Lisa Armstrong brushes off 
marriage woes with Valentine's Day £8.80 all-you-can-eat Chinese 
buffet.

Emily Atack looks effortlessly chic in a lilac jumper and skirt 
as she reunites with James McVey to reveal which I'm A Celeb 
co-star is the crudest.

Ellie Goulding dazzles in bridal white as she enjoys romantic 
Valentine's Day date with fiancé Caspar Jopling in LA .

'Thanks for making this normal': Kate Upton is praised on 
Instagram for 'normalizing' breast-feeding - after the mom-of-one 
shared a photo of herself pumping before her Valentine's date .

Felicity Jones had 'gnarly and pointed British teeth' capped to 
replicate Ruth Bader Ginsburg's 'perfectly formed smile' in On 
The Basis Of Sex.

James Corden hilariously spoofs tidying expert Maria Kondo with 
the help of action star Jean-Claude Van Damme for Late Late Show 
skit.

Bethenny Frankel, 48, looks every inch in love with her younger 
beau Paul Bernon, 41, as they pose side-by-side on Valentine's 
Day.

David Beckham shares sweet snap as his wife Victoria and daughter 
Harper are surprised with lots of Valentine's Day gifts.

Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry displays her hourglass curves in a 
pale pink mini-dress as she hits 'The Toon' with her co-stars on 
Valentine's Day.

TOWIE's Amber Turner puts on an eye-popping display in a nude 
mini during Valentine's night out... after becoming latest victim 
of HUGE cast cull.

Liam Gallagher's son Lennon looks the double of his rocker dad as 
he models a turquoise knitted shirt during LFW  .

Kelly Brook slips her curves into a colourful floral dress as she 
arrives for work at Heart radio.

Hoda Kotb throws a Sesame Street party for her daughter's second 
birthday - as she and partner Joel don 'mom' and 'dad' tees for 
the occasion.

Coleen Rooney celebrates her youngest son Cass Mac's first 
birthday with sweet Instagram post amid Wayne's barmaid bender 
drama .

Elizabeth Hurley, 53, flashes her cleavage in a low-cut top as 
she enjoys a girls' night out for Valentine's Day .

Love Island's Georgia Steel looks incredible in a microscopic 
bikini on a break from Celebs Go Dating filming.

Sam and Billie Faiers pen heartfelt messages to age-defying mum 
Suzanne Wells as she celebrates 50th birthday.

Revealed: Pointless host Richard Osman is dating pint-sized jazz 
singer Sumudu Jayatilaka - who is 17 INCHES shorter than the 6ft 
7in star.

Liam Gallagher's daughter Molly Moorish rocks an edgy ensemble as 
she joins Rocco Ritchie's chic ex Kim Turnbull at chic Adidas 
bash.

Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez buy Jeremy Piven's Malibu beach 
house for bargain $6.6 million... after actor slashed price by 
nearly $4million.

Picking up women by  double-dating with your mum was one of the 
more unusual ways to find love on First Dates: Valentine's 
Special, by Jim Shelley.

Megan McKenna looks sensational in a mustard yellow bardot dress 
as she cosies up to ex Pete Wicks for Celebs Go Dating in 
Tenerife.

Davina McCall giggles as she leaves a gym class with a friend 
after admitting she fakes being happy following split from her 
husband of 17 years.

Sofia Richie calls Scott Disick her 'Sweet Valentine' as 
lovebirds enjoy date night at San Diego movie theater.

Lily Allen has No Shame as she parties with adult film stars at 
G-A-Y Porn Idol 2019... days after wrapping her world tour in 
Australia.

Vicky Pattison poses poolside in a nude bikini as she shares how 
many attempts it takes to get the perfect holiday snap.

Rochelle Humes raises eyebrows as she jokes about not getting 
'any love sausage' from husband Marvin on Valentine's Day.

Holby City and Casualty to CROSS OVER for the first time in 14 
years... as two part special sees the hospital plunged into chaos 
by cyber attack.

Hunted Chief Peter Bleksley confirms he has QUIT the show after 
catching all the fugitives for the first time... as furious 
viewers brand finale a FIX.

Smothered in love! Iggy Azalea flashes her shapely legs as she 
shares a very cuddly embrace with rapper boyfriend Playboi Carti 
on Valentine's Day.

Katie Price's ex Kieran Hayler packs on PDA with girlfriend 
Michelle Penticost... after he claimed he'd 'become a daddy 
again' in attention-seeking post.

Beyoncé shows off her cleavage in a deeply plunging geometric 
print suit as she poses in a statement hat for a series of arty 
Instagram snaps.

Jennifer Lopez shares revealing snap in bed with Alex Rodriguez 
before wrapping their arms around each other on beach for 
Valentine's Day .

Kendall Jenner bites into shoe in hilarious game with Jimmy 
Fallon as she reveals Kylie used to eat 'ice cream and 
pomegranates' for breakfast.

Love Island star Alexandra Cane confirms new romance with 
handsome estate agent Adam Theobald as couple go public on 
Valentine's Day.

Tara Reid celebrates Valentine's Day with racy red lace stockings 
and white fishnet tights for dinner in LA     .

Blac Chyna and Soulja Boy CONFIRM romance rumours as they get 
very hands-on during a Valentine's Day shopping date.

Courteney Cox, 54, reveals she stopped using fillers 'because she 
didn't look like herself' as she admits she had a 'hard time 
accepting her age'  .

Will Smith explains why he turned down The Matrix to do Wild Wild 
West: 'I'm not proud of it'.

Shailene Woodley guzzles champagne straight out of the bottle as 
she stands beside a despairing Richard Branson at Virgin Scarlet 
Night Party.

Tommy Lee and social media star Brittany Furlan announce their 
Valentine's Day wedding with sweet snap of their two dogs.

Pink admits she needed 13 STITCHES after slashing her husband 
Carey Hart's tyres during 'stressful' Thanksgiving.

Ben Affleck leads a group of ex-military on a violent thrill-ride 
to rob a drug lord in the new trailer for Netflix film Triple 
Frontier.

Hilary Duff shares funny Valentine's Day tale of baby daughter 
Banks crying over 'wrong color'rose.

Why William and Harry ditched the daytime tie: Princes are 
adopting a 'smart casual' style to seem more relatable (but the 
Queen doesn't approve of open collar) .

Game Of Thrones fans will enjoy 'dramatically and emotionally 
thrilling' finale, HBO president Casey Bloys reveals .

Sebastian Stan goes from Winter Soldier to backwoods drama as he 
replaces Chris Evans in Netflix's The Devil All The Time.

Justin Timberlake shares sweet photo of him kissing wife Jessica 
Biel as they enjoy Valentine's Day.

Kaia Gerber suits up in a structured coat for Valentine's Day 
outing with model Wellington Grant .

Jenna Dewan goes solo while cutting a casual figure as she 
celebrates first Valentine's Day since split from Channing Tatum.

Kevin Bacon serenades wife of 30 years Kyra Sedgwick playing Joni 
Mitchell's A Case of You on a ukulele for Valentine's Day.

Cindy Crawford enjoys a romantic dinner date with husband Rande 
Gerber for Valentine's Day.

Ariana Grande spends Valentine's Day rehearsing for her Sweetener 
tour and promoting her Thank U, Next album and merchandise.

Lily Collins nails casual chic in chunky jumper and frayed jeans 
as she goes healthy grocery shopping .

Pointless' Richard Osman is on Valentine's mini-break in Austria 
with jazz singer Sumudu Jayatilaka - who is 19 inches shorter 
than the 6ft 7in TV star .

Bradley Cooper during appearance on The Late Show gushes about A 
Star Is Born co-star Lady Gaga.

Pete Davidson compared himself to Kevin Federline in comedy clip 
snapped before his split with Ariana Grande.

Lacey Chabert radiates in red as she promotes new Valentine movie 
at Hallmark's Home and Family.

Luann de Lesseps jokes that she's 'guilty of being fabulous' 
following 2017 drunken arrest in RHONY promo.

Mary J. Blige shines in neon yellow pantsuit at Toronto premiere 
for Netflix's The Umbrella Academy.

Alessandra Ambrosio and beau Nicolo Oddi exchange kisses on the 
sand in sweet Valentine's Day post.

Million Dollar Listing Los Angeles: Josh Altman hosts funky open 
house to sell custom Venice home.

Grimm co-stars Elizabeth Tulloch and David Giuntoli announce 
arrival of baby daughter Vivian with sweet snap.

Kaley Cuoco gets adorable new rescue puppy for Valentine's Day 
from husband Karl Cook .

Rooney EXC: Coleen ditches wedding ring as she steps out WITH 
Wayne amid claims she wants him to enter rehab after barmaid 
bender .

Tatum O'Neal wishes her dad Ryan O'Neal happy Valentine's Day in 
an emotional Instagram post: 'I am me because of you'.

Emma Roberts shares kiss with boyfriend Evan Peters as they enjoy 
Valentine's Day in NYC.

Aquaman's Jason Momoa set to join an already star-studded cast 
for Dune reboot film.

Eliza Dushku bares baby bump on NYC red carpet after announcing 
she's expecting her first child with husband Peter Palandjian.

Fresh Prince of Bel-Air star Alfonso Ribeiro can't copyright his 
moves for the 'Carlton' dance which he is suing creators of 
Fortnite video game over.

Paddington Bear will air CGI series on Nickelodeon next year... 
with Ben Whishaw voicing the character.

Jennifer Garner gets caught in the rain after workout as Ben 
Affleck holds hands with son Samuel arriving to talk show .

Rebecca Romijn flaunts her age-defying model good looks as she 
steps out in NYC for press tour .

Dane Cook, 46, sweetly holds hands with girlfriend Kelsi Taylor, 
20, as they head to Jimmy Kimmel Live! on Valentine's Day.

Did Empire star STAGE hate crime on himself to save his job? 
Jussie Smollett is accused of setting up MAGA racist and 
homophobic attack .

Brad Pitt to produce a documentary about Soundgarden's Chris 
Cornell with director Peter Berg.

Harvey Weinstein's abandoned Tribeca office is finally sold, and 
the casting couch where he's accused of making sexual advances 
'disposed of'.

Countdown star Rachel Riley's fans voice concern over her slim 
physique after she revealed she has turned to a 'vegan diet to 
help health problems'.

Abbey Clancy cradles her baby bump in stunning taupe gown as she 
leads the glamour at the Fabulous Fund Fair in London .

Kim Kardashian shows off her legs in her nightwear (but it's 
still less revealing that THAT dress).

Pregnant Myleene Klass, 40, looks fresh-faced as she covers her 
baby bump with a 'Happy' jumper while out with eldest daughter 
Ava, 11.

Brooklyn Beckham's girlfriend Hana Cross wears VERY low-cut 
blouse for evening out with her beau.

Laureus World Sports Awards 2019: Novak Djokovic shares a kiss 
with wife Jelena whilst Cesc Fàbregas snuggles up to Daniella 
Semaan on red carpet.

Spencer Matthews SLAMMED for 'wooden' presenting style during GMB 
debut as he apologises for his 'lack of experience' and vows to 
'improve with time'.

EastEnders star Hetti Bywater flaunts her  figure in a khaki 
swimsuit... as she continues to ignore body-shaming 'haters'.

Teresa Giudice puts her newly surgically enhanced breasts on show 
in a swimsuit on Miami Beach.

Kim and Khloe Kardashian file to trademark kids' names to put on 
clothing, toys and skincare as Kylie Jenner registers 
'Stormiworld'.

Lottie Moss commands attention in not one but two retro looks as 
she storms the catwalk for charity fashion show during LFW.

Una Healy displays her svelte figure in chic two-piece for 
charity LFW show... days after ex Ben Foden admits he cheated 
during their marriage.

Millie Mackintosh cuts a chic figure in statement black jacket 
and red dress at charity LFW show.

Kimberley Garner puts on a VERY busty display in velvet corset 
and maxi skirt at LFW gala .

'Most beautiful girl in the world' Thylane Blondeau, 17, looks 
chic in a ruched little black dress at LFW gala.

Tigerlily Taylor turns heads in a figure-hugging semi-sheer 
bodice and skirt as fellow famous offspring Pixie Geldof wows in 
metallic gown at gala.

Eva Longoria shows off svelte figure as she dances in her 
swimsuit just 7 months after giving birth.

Victoria's secrets: From a toothbrush for her hair to tequila to 
pep her up and a VERY messy bedroom...she reveals all for her new 
YouTube account .

Kourtney Kardashian is the 'most annoying mom' as her dance moves 
embarrass son Mason.

Inside Victoria Beckham's LFW after party: Host Derek Blasberg 
insists he didn't realise drag Posh Spice would have a beard.

George Of The Jungle hunk Brendan Fraser is unrecognizable as he 
is seen out to dinner in tight fitting T-shirt.

Lauren Goodger flaunts her VERY ample derriere in bodycon beige 
co-ords as she lunches with gal pal Lauryn Goodman.

Dancing On Ice's Vanessa Bauer 'asks show bosses to be moved to 
the SAME hotel as Wes Nelson amid claims she fancies the pants 
off him'.

Khloe Kardashian is a dead ringer for Kylie Jenner in sultry 
Instagram snap as she talks about love in cryptic caption.

Lindsey Vonn dazzles in cream lace gown at the Laureus World 
Sports Awards days after retiring from skiing .

Kim Kardashian shocks in outrageous vintage '98 Thierry Mugler 
gown with restrictive cut-out sections to attend beauty awards .

Are the amount of anti-ageing creams on the market giving you 
frown lines? Our expert reveals why Hyaluronic Acid and AHA are 
the essential ingredients you should be looking out for... but 
HOW do they work?.

Jess Wright cuts a sultry figure in array of bikinis as she 
shares final snaps of her sun-kissed holiday in Mexico.

Rod Stewart, 74, shows off his signature dapper style in silver 
tuxedo blazer as he enjoys rare outing with daughter Ruby, 31, in 
LA.

Miranda Lambert met her new husband Brendan McLoughlin 'three 
days' before he became a dad... and married him less than three 
months later.

Shamima Begum's baby should be taken off her, Denise Welch says 
as Gemma Atkinson joins celebs saying jihadi bride should NOT be 
let back .

Kim Kardashian celebrates her onetime BFF Paris Hilton's birthday 
as she shares bikini throwbacks of the pair.

NeNe Leakes plays with patterns by donning leopard print and 
camouflage outfits in NYC.

American Idol alum Danny Gokey and wife Leyicet reveal they are 
expecting their fourth child in six years.

Dancing On Ice studio proposal: Crew member stuns his girlfriend 
when he pops the question on the ice... (although the moment 
wasn't aired).

Keira Knightley wows in striking tulle gown as she leads the 
style on the red carpet at The Aftermath premiere in London.

Alexa Chung cuts a stylish figure in leather trousers as she 
turns out for Emilia Wickstead show at LFW.

'We're just not getting on right now': Love Island's Adam Collard 
admits he's struggling to get over Zara McDermott as he breaks 
his silence on split.

Andrea Corr, 44, showcases her enviable physique in black bikini 
top and scallop briefs as she soaks up the sunshine on Barbados 
break.

Daisy Lowe exudes Gothic glamour as she and model boyfriend 
Cameron McMeikan lead the line-up at Aspinal's LFW presentation.

Arsene Wenger and Novak Djokovic walk the red carpet as sporting 
superstars arrive for Laureus World Sports Awards in Monaco.

Jenna Dewan and her new boyfriend Steve Kazee take her daughter 
on a day out to Disneyland... as he calls her 'my love'.

Maria Fowler insults ANOTHER child in tweet from 2016... after 
Kady McDermott is faced with death threats for branding the 
star's daughter, two, 'vile'.

Tish Cyrus poses in front of a giant locker full of marijuana... 
after her daughter Miley said she 'smoked a lot of weed'.

Gigi Hadid puts on a stylish display in a blazer as she joins 
casually clad Alessandra Ambrosio in Milan ahead of Fashion Week.

Netflix CANCELS The Punisher and Jessica Jones... the streaming 
service's last two Marvel series.

Liam Gallagher claims brother Noel will SUE him if he uses 
footage of himself performing Oasis hit Live Forever at One Love 
Manchester gig in new documentary.

Drake bought an 18-karat white gold diamond-studded phone case 
for a reported $400,000.

Red carpet running shoes! Prince Albert of Monaco pairs his suave 
tuxedo with TRAINERS as he attends the Laureus World Sports 
Awards.

Life On Mars is to get Mandarin adaptation with hero police 
officer sent back to 1990s Beijing as part of bid to 'captivate 
Chinese audiences'.

Cameron Diaz rocks black leather boots and eye-popping red shades 
as she flashes a big smile on New York City outing with a female 
pal.

Queen and Adam Lambert will perform at the Oscars where Freddie 
Mercury biopic Bohemian Rhapsody will battle it out for five 
awards.

Revealed: Giovanni Ribisi and Emily Ward have welcomed TWINS... 
naming babies Enzo and Maude.

Louisa Lytton wows in a skintight pink bodycon PVC dress as the 
EastEnders star celebrates her 30th birthday in style.

'Is this for poo?' Jameela Jamil shares a snap of bizarre £290 
jeans featuring a zip that fastens at the rear - with followers 
sharing hilarious suggestions.

Donna Air, 39, enjoys a rare outing with her daughter Freya 
Aspinall, 15, at Aspinal of London Fashion Week show.

Kourtney Kardashian and her pal Blink-182's Travis Barker head to 
Nobu for sushi after Kanye West's Sunday Service.

Andy Cohen awkwardly explains to Kim Zolciak why she wasn't 
invited to his baby shower after she calls him out on it during 
WWHL.

Checkmate! Queen Letizia of Spain steps out in chic black and 
white number as she attends the arts ceremony in Andalusia.

Pixie Geldof takes to the catwalk in casual monochrome tracksuit 
and minimal make-up for Pringle Of Scotland LFW show.

Maya Jama looks cute in a 90s style checked skirt and trainers as 
she joins Jourdan Dunn and Lara Stone at Christopher Kane's LFW 
show.

The 1975 star Matt Healy reveals he was 'slapped about for being 
different' before finding fame.... as he reveals art is his 
salvation after overcoming addiction.

Love Island's Megan Barton Hanson displays her derrière in a nude 
thong during topless spray tan as she makes not-so subtle dig at 
ex Wes Nelson.

Naomi Campbell, 48, appears shocked as she gets a message on her 
phone outside hotel amid romance with Liam Payne, 25.

Kim Kardashian reveals she nearly missed Kanye West's epic V-Day 
surprise.... because she was rushing to volunteer at North's 
school .

Andrea McLean apologises to Loose Women viewers after Denise 
Welch makes a shock admission about a SEX TOY on the lunchtime 
show.

Love Island's Hayley Hughes puts on a leggy display in a 
snakeskin print dress as she moves on from DJ Tom Zanetti.

Christine Lampard says she 'still can't believe' she's a mother 
as she reflects on the emotional moments leading up to birth of 
baby daughter Patricia .

T.I. and Tiny Cottle suspend reality show after rapper's sister 
is rushed to intensive care after car crash.

Kym Marsh was 'inconsolable' on the 10th anniversary of son 
Archie's death but found 'comfort' by hearing unborn grandson's 
heartbeat .

Dancing On Ice's Jane Danson was overwhelmed with emotion before 
shock collapse because she rehearsed on the 11-year anniversary 
of her father's death.

EXCLUSIVE: Jussie Smollett appeared in a play about a biracial, 
gay sports star who endures attacks similar to his just HOURS 
before his 'assault'.

TOWIE's Chloe Lewis displays her sartorial flair in green 
pantsuit at Paul Costelloe's LFW presentation after falling 
victim to ITVBe show's cast cull.

Kym Johnson-Herjavec poses with her twins in a bikini... just 
nine months after they were born.

Dancing On Ice: Viewers accuse 'lovebirds' Wes Nelson and Vanessa 
Bauer of taking swipe at Megan after they skate to Labyrinth hit 
JEALOUS.

Love Island's Laura Anderson sizzles in grey crochet bikini as 
she soaks up the sun in Dubai... after sharing glimpse at 
'cringe' audition video.

'How do you change diapers?' Khloe Kardashian mummy-shamed after 
sharing a picture of long NAILS - as followers insist she can't 
look after True .

Vicky Pattison poses for ANOTHER bikini-clad throwback snap as 
she pines for 'cocktails and making very questionable decisions'.

Louise Redknapp and Amber Davies look worse for wear as they 
leave 9-5: The Musical gala night... after partying up a storm 
with Dolly Parton.

Daisy Lowe showcases her flair for fashion in chic floral mini 
dress as she joins stylish Alexa Chung and Dianna Agron at Erdem 
LFW show.

Michelle Dockery looks sensational in teal floral dress as she 
reunites with Downton Abbey co-star Laura Carmichael at Erdem's 
LFW show.

Joan Collins, 85, turns heads in a sequinned dress and cropped 
leather jacket at Erdem LFW show... as she reveals she's in talks 
for a biopic.

Emily Blunt dons denim jumpsuit in New York City... before 
twinning in tuxes with her husband John Krasinski.

Kerry Katona is back on 'great terms' with ex Brian McFadden as 
daughter begs her 'not to put her tongue down men's throats' in 
Celebs Go Dating love quest.

Kelly Brook channels Clueless character Cher in checked blazer 
and matching skater skirt as she heads to work at Heart Radio.

Strictly's Vick Hope shows off her toned figure in a tiny printed 
bikini as she relaxes on the beach in Mexico.

Tori Spelling and Dean McDermott check out a mansion in Calabasas 
during house hunting excursion amid ongoing financial issues.

Jenna Coleman reveals the toe-curling moment she thought a 
cashier was asking her out when he was actually offering her a 
MEAL DEAL.

April Love Geary jokes 'I don't remember not being pregnant' as 
she prepares to welcome second baby within a year .

Love Island's Dr Alex George romance with Amelia Bath gets 
serious as he introduces her to his family while celebrating his 
28th birthday.

Sadie Frost admits she's 'ready' for her children to move out 
because she's been 'worrying about domestic stuff for over 30 
years'.

Olivia Colman's promise to 'get p***ed' after the BAFTAs is poked 
fun at as Cecily Strong impersonates the 'squiffy' actress on 
Saturday Night Live.

Victoria Beckham dances up a storm with Spice Girls tribute drag 
act as she celebrates her A/W 2019 collection and YouTube channel 
at wild LFW bash.

Vogue Williams looks chic in a lemon blazer dress as Spencer 
Matthews brushes off criticism of GMB reporting debut at Paul 
Costelloe's LFW show .

Dua Lipa keeps casual in a tie-up crop top and electric blue 
joggers as she heads to rehearsals for the BRIT Awards .

Nicole Scherzinger attends Hollywood Beauty Awards as she's seen 
for the first time since intimate video with ex Lewis Hamilton 
'is leaked online'.

EastEnders star Linda Davidson teases return of 'Punk Mary'... as 
Tom Watt admits it was 'right' to reprise the role of Lofty for 
Dr Legg's funeral.

Helen McCrory and Damian Lewis cosy up on the FROW at Roksanda 
show during London Fashion Week.

Brooklyn Beckham's girlfriend Hana Cross sizzles in white satin 
cami as she shares gushing post to her beau during his mother 
Victoria's LFW bash.

Paul O'Grady is left heartbroken after pet dog Bullseye dies 
following an abrupt epileptic seizure.

Kelly Brook dresses down in skinny jeans and a fur-look coat as 
she enjoys a London weekend with boyfriend Jeremy Parisi.

Alexa Chung dazzles in a bold pink and red cut-out dress as she 
parties at Victoria Beckham's YouTube London Fashion Week event.

Blac Chyna and Soulja Boy 'were pretending to date in order to 
get revenge on her ex Tyga... but now have real feelings for one 
another'.

Justin Hartley gives Ellen DeGeneres 'my best James Bond' as This 
Is US star becomes latest to be linked to 007.

Newlyweds Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth dress down in jeans and 
hoodies for a date night in Malibu.

Anguish for Lewis Hamilton and his ex Nicole Scherzinger as home 
video of them 'kissing and cuddling' in bed 'is leaked online by 
hackers'.

Gemma Atkinson shows off her baby bump to demonstrate pregnancy 
workout as she reveals she enjoys 'training for my baby'.

Gemma Collins oozes confidence as she slips into a strappy black 
swimsuit to perform a sassy shimmy.

Holly Willoughby exudes elegance in a teal fishtail gown as she 
hosts Dancing On Ice... after sharing rare sweet snap of son 
Chester, four, on social media.

Olivia Buckland showcases her bold sense of style in Kappa 
culottes and white stilettos as she steps out with beau Alex 
Bowen at LFW.

Coronation Street SPOILER: Chesney's romantic caravan break with 
girlfriend Gemma gets VERY dirty... as he is caked in mud during 
filming.

Ronnie Wood, 71, and wife Sally, 41, look the picture of 
happiness as they head out for dinner date in Hollywood .

Former Made In Chelsea star Tabitha Willett slams Chanel for 
keeping dogs in 'tiny cages' overnight in Sloane Street store .

Sean Bean, 59, reveals he is ready for more children after 
marrying fifth wife Ashley Moore, 33... as he admits age has 
helped him reflect on his past mistakes.

Eddie Redmayne wears bug-themed suit as he cosies up to his 
leather-clad wife Hannah Bagshawe at Alexander McQueen fashion 
dinner.

Thandie Newton holds hands with lookalike daughter Nico Parker, 
13, as they jet out of LAX ahead of teen's starring role in Dumbo.

Tara Reid is put through her paces as she works out in the park 
while showing off her planking skills.

S Club 7's Hannah Spearritt admits it felt 'incredible' to 
welcome daughter Téa with Adam Thomas after suffering two 
miscarriages.

Mark Ronson puts on a loved-up display with musician girlfriend 
Rebecca Schwartz as they grab a coffee in NYC .

Halsey flaunts bikini body with rumored beau Yungblud on luxury 
yacht off the coast of Sydney.

Darren Criss and Mia Swier beam after getting married in New 
Orleans in front of his Glee co-stars.

Sofia Richie displays her toned abs in an electric pink bikini 
while enjoying a sun-soaked yacht voyage in Miami with boyfriend 
Scott Disick.

Tamzin Outhwaite and her daughter, 10, 'are left scared they 
would be separated' after immigration refused her entry into 
India for a yoga holiday .

Viewers reel from explosive cliffhanger to BBC's Baptiste after 
lead female character is revealed to be transgender .

I think most men would like to have sex with me, says BBC's new 
transgender star: Chilean-born actress reveals why she got role 
in new thriller Baptiste .

Kim Kardashian enjoys bonding day with her daughters North and 
Chicago and shares cute snap of the siblings.

Kim Kardashian DENIES that daughter North, 5, has a BOYFRIEND 
already after Consequence's son Caiden Mills calls her his 'boo'.

Tristan Thompson spent Valentine's Day 'hitting up girls' at LA 
bar amid claims he and Khloe Kardashian are 'done for good'.

Gisele Bündchen flaunts her model figure in a white bra and 
bikini bottoms to hit the surf with Tom Brady during family trip 
to Costa Rica.

Emily Blunt rocks a matching tux with husband John Krasinski at 
the 2019 Writers Guild Awards.

Coleen Nolan reveals daughter Ciara, 18, told her to divorce Ray 
Fensome as she reflects on tough year that saw her receive death 
threats & hospitalised .

Miley Cyrus cuddles up with mom Tish and kisses precious pup on 
head as she shares more behind-the-scenes wedding photos.

Simon Le Bon, 60, sports nothing but a TINY pair of swimming 
trunks as he emerges from the sea during solo beach day in the 
Cayman Islands.

Gigi Hadid sports slicked fringe and bleached eyebrows as she 
joins Irina Shayk on the Burberry runway during London Fashion 
Week.

Kylie Minogue, 50, and Dolly Parton, 73, look angelic in white as 
they lead the stars at 9-5: The Musical gala night.

Steven Tyler, 70, wraps his arm around girlfriend Aimee Preston, 
30, at Hollywood Beauty Awards.

Ciara puts her midriff and ample assets on display in skin-tight 
black leather jumpsuit at the Hollywood Beauty Awards.

Ashlee Simpson dazzles in a black sequin dress as she steps out 
at the Hollywood Beauty Awards with husband Evan Ross.

Nina Dobrev looks glamorous in a one-shoulder gown and vampy 
make-up for the Hollywood Beauty Awards in LA.

Dolly Parton hits the West End: Stage remake of classic film 9 to 
5 tries to be #MeToo the musical but ends up as a limp pantomime.

Rosé all day: Malia Obama, 20, spotted sipping on a $80 bottle of 
Whispering Angel with three friends at Miami Beach pool party.

Travis Scott buys one-year-old daughter Stormi a diamond chain 
necklace featuring lightning bolt.

Ariana Grande adds to her 5feet frame as she steps out in 
platform Nike Cortez sneakers on errand run in LA.

Frankie Grande shares emotional message as he reaches 20 months 
sober... after recently splitting up with a married couple.

Coleen Rooney spends quality time with dad Tony as she heads to 
church after Wayne's barmaid drama .

Brooklyn Beckham and brother Cruz don hair extensions as they 
mess around backstage at mum Victoria's  London Fashion Week show.

Victoria Beckham storms the catwalk as David and the children 
show their support from the FROW at her London Fashion Week show.

David Beckham pokes fun at daughter Harper and Anna Wintour's 
'twinning' moment as the celeb offspring debuts chic fringed bob 
at Victoria's LFW show.

Jamie Lynn Sigler sparkles in black and gold dress at WGA Awards 
in Beverly Hills.

Mandy Moore steps out in LA after pledging her support for Phoebe 
Bridgers and Karen Elson amid Ryan Adams sexual misconduct 
allegations.

21 Savage wanted to bring gun in club and yank opening act from 
stage, says club owner who had felony warrant put on rapper after 
ICE arrest.

Angelina Jolie cuts a chic figure in black ensemble as she goes 
shopping with daughter Vivienne.

Jussie Smollett still has NOT 'made himself available' to Chicago 
police despite claims the Empire star orchestrated the attack.

Alison Brie shimmers in glamorous sequined dress at the West 
Coast Writers Guild Awards.

Reese Witherspoon enjoys slow dance with husband Jim Toth as they 
are serenaded to My Girl at Harlem Globetrotters game.

Karlie Kloss stuns in leather pants and black jacket at NBA 
All-Star Game with husband Joshua Kushner.

Justin Bieber skateboards down streets of NYC to meet wife Hailey 
Baldwin for lunch... as he continues to seek treatment for 
depression.

Real Housewives Of Atlanta: Porsha Williams accepts sweet 
marriage proposal from Dennis McKinley.

Sofia Richie and Scott Disick look casual cool while enjoying a 
lavish weekend of fun in the sun in Miami.

Lil Xan reveals he's expecting first child with girlfriend Annie 
Smith... just five months after split with Noah Cyrus.

Gabrielle Union is all-smiles in vibrant yellow coat and colorful 
dress for sweet family snaps with Dwyane Wade and daughter Kaavia.

Fyre Festival's Ja Rule 'should stick to rapping' says KAABOO 
Cayman organizer as he tells rapper to 'stay in his lane'.

Courtney Stodden flaunts her famous curves in a skimpy grey slip 
as she flashes a seductive pose on the streets of Los Angeles.

Jared Leto growls as he shows off his muscular chest in a 
shirtless video before touring London on crutches with a friend.

Call The Midwife's Jessica Raine dresses blossoming baby bump in 
a plum cardigan on romantic stroll with husband Tom Goodman-Hill.

Jessica Alba bundles up in a black duster and jeans with cow 
print boots while shopping in Beverly Hills.

Denzel Washington honors his longtime hair stylist Larry Cherry 
at Hollywood Beauty Awards.

Daisy Lowe is radiant in glam black dress as she steps out for 
Mercedes-Benz event at London Fashion Week.

Amber Davies addresses Liam Payne romance rumours and confesses 
that she gets 'nervous' when she bumps into ex Kem Cetinay.

Brielle Biermann admits her dad 'walked in on her' before Kim 
Zolciak and Kroy lecture daughter Ariana about not having sex on 
Don't Be Tardy.

Emily Atack EXCLUSIVE: I'm A Celeb star sizzles in unretouched 
campaign for In The Style as she vows to stop airbrushing her 
images .

Ferne McCann looks chic in shoulder pad jacket and red flares as 
she enjoys a night on the town.

La La Anthony flaunts her curves in lacy bra and shorts as she 
plays host at two NBA All-Star parties in Charlotte.

Gordon Ramsay's pregnant wife Tana, 44, enjoys night out with 
daughter Holly, 19, at Victoria Beckham's LFW party .

Cindy Crawford wears a warm puffer coat during stroll in Soho 
with husband Rande Gerber.

Blac Chyna beau Soulja Boy linked to felony vandalism probe by 
police after their tires are SLASHED while outside of his home.

Matt Damon cools down with an ice-cream and refreshing drink as 
the laid-back star cuts a casual figure in Byron Bay .

Kimberley Garner puts on a leggy display in glittering golden 
mini dress as she parties in New York .

Alec Baldwin asks if Trump calling the media the 'enemy of the 
people' may 'constitute a threat to my safety' .

The Walking Dead: Alpha steps forward as head of Whisperers as 
daughter Lydia reveals physical abuse.

Ellen DeGeneres gives away $1 million to her audience of good 
Samaritans.

April Love Geary flaunts baby bump in tight black shirt as she 
heads to the market in Malibu.

Joan Collins, 85, dazzles in sequins as she and fifth husband 
Percy Gibson bring show Unscripted to London Palladium.

BlocBoy JB is 'wanted' by sheriff's office in Tennessee for 
allegedly committing multiple crimes.

Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt star Ellie Kemper is stylish in 
embellished black dress at WGA Awards.

Julianna Marguiles dazzles in white sleeveless frock dotted with 
silver anchors at WGA Awards in NYC.

Sarah Silverman rocks lace-up boots at WGA Awards... after having 
first-ever bikini wax.

Blake Shelton 'did not get a heads-up' about ex-wife Miranda 
Lambert's surprise nuptials.

WWE superstar Mike 'The Miz' Mizanian jokes 'he's still got it' 
as wife Maryse announces her second pregnancy.

TOWIE's Amber Turner looks summery in canary yellow co-ord as she 
enjoys a night out with Shelby Tribble after falling victim to 
show's cull.

Sophie Turner cuts a casually chic figure in bomber jacket as she 
cosies up to fiancé Joe Jonas in London.

Ashley Roberts and Strictly beau Giovanni Pernice put on a cosy 
display as she supports Melody Thornton at Dancing On Ice.

Carole Radziwill breaks her silence after mother-in-law Lee 
Radziwill's death at age 85.

Lady Mary Charteris and Molly Moorish nail boho chic for Ashish 
show at London Fashion Week.

Coleen Rooney has her wedding ring back ON as she leaves 
Washington with her children and a mountain of luggage (but no 
Wayne).

Lady Amelia Windsor and Clara Paget look chic in off-the-shoulder 
ensembles as they attend the Peter Pilotto A/W 2019 show at 
London Fashion Week.

Real Housewives Of Orange County star Vicki Gunvalson confirms 
she has started filming Season 14, despite drama with Kelly Dodd.

The Chainsmokers go wakeboarding in Grand Cayman after headlining 
KABOO with Zedd .

Best of friends! Joel Edgerton looks chummy with fellow movie 
star Luke Evans as they attend Victoria Beckham after party in 
London.

Hilary Duff shares adorable video of herself playing with 
three-month-old daughter Banks .

Tristan Thompson keeps his head down as he leaves LA nightspot 
solo as it's claimed his relationship with Khloe is over.

Jennifer Garner is ready for the wilderness as she enjoys some 
downtime with her children while on holiday in Montana .

Teen Mom 2's Jenelle Eason and David Eason 'are fighting' again 
but 'aren't broken up'.

Rebecca Adlington wows in animal print top and leather skirt as 
she celebrates her 30th birthday with her new beau Andrew Parsons 
on night out.

Dancing On Ice's James Jordan SCREAMS in agony as he dunks his 
arm into bowl of freezing water to cure elbow injury.

Dancing On Ice: Jane Danson and Ryan Sidebottom are ELIMINATED in 
shock double-axing.

Love Island's Gabby Allen turns heads in sheer ruffled shirt and 
checkered trousers as she joins beau Myles Stephenson at Pam 
Hogg's LFW show.

Rapper Tekashi 6ix9ine, 22, 'might have to go into witness 
protection after giving up fellow gangsters following his plea 
deal with federal prosecutors.

Drew Barrymore wigs out as milkmaid and homeless woman on the NYC 
set of The Stand-In.

Cardi B relaxes make-up free as she encourages baby daughter 
Kulture to say momma again.

Louise Redknapp dons plunging blazer dress at 9-5: The Musical 
gala... after she pulled out of the show following horror fall.

Justin Bieber takes a boxing class at a UFC gym amid treatment 
for depression... and gets a visit from supportive wife Hailey.

Kylie Jenner shows off huge diamond on THAT finger again... after 
getting ears re-pierced at tattoo parlor.

Love Island's Megan Barton Hanson leaves nightclub with co-star 
Charlie Brake after 'gatecrashing' his ex Ellie Brown's 21st 
birthday bash.

Laverne Cox sees the funny side when X-ray tech asks if she could 
be pregnant... as actress reveals she's fractured her foot.

Jussie Smollett case to go to grand jury as it's alleged Empire 
star 'REHEARSED hoax attack with two Nigerian brothers who he 
paid $3,500 to assault him'.

Charlize Theron enjoys a low key day at the cinema with her 
children August, two, and Jackson, five, in Hollywood.

Victoria Beckham wows in poppy red dress as she toasts another 
London Fashion Week triumph over lunch with her family.

Brooklyn Beckham is joined by elegant girlfriend Hana Cross as he 
supports mum Victoria from the front row at her London Fashion 
Week show.

Gordon Ramsay's pregnant wife Tana, 44, covers her baby bump as 
she supports close friend Victoria Beckham at her London Fashion 
Week show.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Meghan Markle bundles up in overcoat and 
newsboy cap as she makes a low-key outing in New York - after 
flying in for her baby shower.

Abbey Clancy cradles her baby bump in stunning taupe gown as she 
leads the glamour at star-studded Fabulous Fund Fair in London.

Coleen Rooney 'wants to be on Strictly or I'm A Celeb so the 
public will stop seeing her as the woman who has to clear up 
husband Wayne's mess'.

Simon Cowell beams (displaying VERY white teeth)... after 
'spending £30k on son Eric's Greatest Showman-themed birthday 
bash'.

Brooklyn Beckham can't take his eyes off girlfriend Hana Cross as 
she wears VERY low-cut blouse at The Fabulous Fund Fair.

Bikini-clad Olivia Culpo flaunts defined abs on Mexican beach 
after indulging in sugary churros.

Amber Davies cosies up to Dolly Parton as she films 
behind-the-scenes TV show on 9 To 5 musical.

Lottie Moss takes the plunge in lace as Paloma Faith shrouds 
herself in feathers at glitzy magazine bash .

Maya Jama sizzles in figure-hugging metallic mini dress as she 
hosts Fund Fair gala in London.

Lara Stone's property mogul beau David Grievson gazes lovingly at 
the sequin-clad model as they attend Net-A-Porter LFW dinner.

Alicia Keys is almost unrecognizable as she goes bowling with her 
family after her Grammy turn.

Cardi B's oyster outfit is recreated by a mini lookalike as 
Toddlewood unveils its impressive pint-size red carpet looks.

SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Lord Snowdon fends off publishers' calls 
for a 'dynamite' first-person memoir about his mum, Princess 
Margaret.

Racy rock chick! Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik goes 
TOPLESS under a leather jacket teamed with skintight trousers.

'He suddenly jumped me and started snogging me': Fern Britton 
reveals she once fought off a sex attack in a lift by a man she 
had just interviewed.

Kimberley Garner puts on a VERY busty display in velvet corset 
and maxi skirt at Fund Fair gala.

'Most beautiful girl in the world' Thylane Blondeau, 17, looks 
chic in a ruched little black dress at Fund Fair.

Blake Lively bundles up in layers as she enjoys a make-up free 
lunch date in New York City  .

'I adored him': Melody Thomas Scott pays tribute to her late The 
Young And The Restless co-star Kristoff St. John.

Katie Holmes shares rare candid shot of daughter Suri during 
their snow-filled getaway  .

Nicky Hilton looks edgy chic in black fitted pants and black 
leather jacket during stroll in NYC.

Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom 'are planning a big engagement party 
for all their friends'... following Valentine's proposal.

EastEnders SPOILER: Sharon and Martin are left in tears as 
Walford residents pay their respects at Dr Harold Legg's funeral.

Madison Beer cuts a stylish figure in oversized hoodie as she 
performs intimate gig in London.

Heavily pregnant Amy Schumer sneaks into a parade practice 
unnoticed in New Orleans.

Travis Scott accidentally thanks wrong city during Astroworld 
concert stop in Kansas City.

Ariana Grande takes to Twitter to support 'superhero' brother 
Frankie as he marks 20 months of sobriety.

Keith Flint's 'heartbroken' ex-girlfriend Gail Porter breaks her 
silence following The Prodigy frontman's shock death aged 49 from 
'suicide'.

Kourtney Kardashian naked ambition! Reality star strips off to 
tease new business venture Poosh .

Gigi Hadid looks bold in yellow as she joins sister Bella for a 
dinner party during Paris Fashion Week.

James Blunt pays tribute to Keith Flint's 'tremendous kindness' 
as he reveals the Prodigy star gave him a hug after other 
industry icons mocked him.

Final picture: Keith Flint is seen competing in a 5k run just 48 
hours before 'taking his own life after spiralling into 
depression following split from model wife'.

Here's how to have a flipping good pancake day: Six surprising 
sweet and savoury recipes for this Shrove Tuesday.

Gemma Collins and James Argent EXCLUSIVE: Couple confirm they are 
back together as they enjoy romantic trip to Paris following 
bitter breakup.

Luke Perry dies aged 52 surrounded by his family, fiance and 
children days after the star was rushed to the hospital following 
a massive stroke.

Brooklyn Beckham spends his 20th birthday with model girlfriend 
Hana Cross in Notting Hill.

The Bachelor UK: FOUR women are brutally AXED in the first 
episode of the Channel 5 show after Mark Wright introduces new 
shock twists.

Meg Mathews, 52, leaves NOTHING to the imagination as she flaunts 
her incredible physique in completely nude snap.

Michael Jackson's daughter Paris 'fears Leaving Neverland 
documentary will ruin her acting career'.

Kate Beckinsale is spotted solo in New York after confirming 
romance with Pete Davidson by packing on the PDA at hockey game.

Poppy Delevingne displays her long legs in a minidress as she 
layers up in a chic trench coat at Paris Fashion Week.

Danny Boyle 'quit as director of forthcoming 25th James Bond 
film' because bosses 'wouldn't let him KILL 007' to pave the way 
for a new era.

Will Smith signs on to play Serena Williams' father Richard 
Williams in new biopic King Richard.

Ben Affleck admits he 'still loves' ex-wife Jennifer Garner 
because she's a 'wonderful, great mom' as he talks coping with 
alcoholism .

Luke Perry's Beverly Hills 90210 co-star Ian Ziering and 'heart 
broken' Riverdale wife Molly Ringwald lead celebrity tributes to 
tragic star.

PICTURED: Keith Flint's haunting last images from The Prodigy's 
final performance in New Zealand as musician is found dead aged 
49 .

Luke Perry's final film will be Once Upon a Time in Hollywood... 
as costar Leonardo DiCaprio remembers him as 'kindhearted and 
incredibly talented'.

Andie MacDowell reveals she still has a 'huge bond' with Hugh 
Grant as they reunite for emotional Four Weddings And A Funeral 
sequel.

EastEnders' Lucy Benjamin reveals she's considering returning to 
Walford as Lisa Fowler 'if the timing was right and the story was 
good'.

Katie Price PIC EXCLUSIVE: Star sports white tracksuit as she 
takes Harvey to watch beau Kris Boyson play football amid claims 
they're 'on the rocks'.

Kaia Gerber is the picture of elegance in sophisticated tailored 
trouser-suit as she attends private dinner party during Paris 
Fashion Week.

Doutzen Kroes ensures all eyes are on her in barely-there 
minidress as she and pal Janelle Monáe head to Paris Fashion Week 
party.

Michelle Yeoh exudes her former Bond girl glamour in full-length 
white gown on penultimate day of Paris Fashion Week.

Alex Jones displays her baby bump in stylish navy dress as she 
departs BBC studios after The One Show.

Oprah Winfrey attends pal Stella McCartney's Paris Fashion Week 
show as Michael Jackson fans send abuse after interview with his 
accusers.

Millie Mackintosh goes braless in a red keyhole blouse and a pair 
of skintight PVC trousers on night out in London.

Nick Grimshaw, 34, can't keep the smile from his face as he and 
boyfriend Meshach Henry, 22, leave BBC studios.

Ben Affleck and Lindsay Shookus look smitten as they put on 
playful display at JFK airport amid reconciliation rumors.

Jennifer Garner enjoys a walk with son Samuel in LA... after ex 
Ben Affleck admitted he still loves her and she's 'a great mom' 
to their three kids.

Aladdin actress Naomi Scott vows to play a 'strong' Princess 
Jasmine as she talks about missing out on Hollywood roles in 
British Vogue interview.

CRAIG BROWN: As occult fan Jimmy Page invites his popstar 
neighbour over for tea... could it be black magic for Robbie 
Williams? .

Flea cheers! Phoebe Waller-Bridge is back... with bags of bad 
taste: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS praises the return of BBC comedy 
Fleabag .

Phoebe Waller-Bridge showed she was as sensationally talented as 
Killing Eve suggested with season two of Fleabag, by Jim Shelley.

Sian Gabbidon EXC: The Apprentice winner praises boyfriend Clint 
Gordon and sets her sights on getting the Kardashians to wear her 
swimsuit line.

Mick Jagger's ex Luciana Giminez displays her lithe physique in 
thigh-skimming red outfit as she parties the night away at Rio 
Carnival.

Jess Glynne cuts an elegant figure in vermilion trouser-suit as 
she takes to the stage in Milan during European leg of her Always 
In Between Tour.

Lady Gaga scores first No. 1 in eight years as Shallow storms to 
top of Billboard Hot 100 post-Oscars.

Luke Perry superfan comic Santina Muha reveals heartwarming story 
about the late actor visiting her in the hospital.

Rita Ora and Professor Green lead the music industry tributes to 
The Prodigy frontman Keith Flint as he is found dead aged 49 
after 'taking his own life'.

Celebs Go Dating EXCL: Chelsee Healey confesses to Kerry Katona 
she may QUIT after 'losing all faith' in the dating agents.

Parenting practice! Father-to-be Prince Harry meets a crying 
five-week-old baby during a visit to a Birmingham hospital.

Davina McCall mocks chilling Momo craze by taking creepy selfie 
channeling terrifying social media doll.

Liam Gallagher labels brother Noel 'a little mug' for signing to 
his record label Warner Music... despite wanting to be an 
'independent artist'.

Catastrophe star Rob Delaney admits he was 'worried he wouldn't 
like or bond with his new baby after losing his older son Henry 
to cancer aged two'.

Coleen Rooney is spotted with her wedding ring back ON just days 
after ditching it again amid husband Wayne's latest drinking 
shame.

Justin Theroux appears in high spirits as he lands in Paris after 
accusing his NYC neighbour of 'domestic abuse'.

Scout Willis shows off her trim figure while picking up her dry 
cleaning in a crop top and ripped jeans.

Alicia Vikander, 30, and Michael Fassbender, 41, hold hands as 
they enjoy cheerful walk during Paris Fashion Week.

Julianne Moore defies her 58 years in black pantsuit and spiked 
stilettos for Late Show appearance.

Padma Lakshmi discusses impostor syndrome in the 'male dominated' 
food industry as she makes stylish appearance at The Cut event.

So awkward! Antoni Porowski's reaction to Kate Beckinsale and 
Pete Davidson's over-the-top tongue kissing is immortalized with 
memes.

EastEnders' Danielle Harold returns to Albert Square as Lola 
Pearce as she's spotted filming scenes three years after leaving 
the show .

Katie Price brands ex Peter Andre a 'selfish hypocrite' for not 
letting her film with their children as Piers Morgan orders her 
to 'grow up'.

The Chase star Mark Labbett shares a VERY saucy joke with Chizzy 
Akudolu about 'curvy girls getting on top'.

'I was never happy enough with it': Ben Affleck says he couldn't 
'crack' the script for The Batman as he explains his decision to 
abandon movie.

Snooki shows off her large baby bump at Brooklyn event as she's 
over six months along into her third pregnancy.

Jude Law and fiancée Phillipa Coan look loved-up on a romantic 
stroll in Rome days after confirming their engagement.

Sienna Miller, 37, and gallery owner boyfriend Lucas Zwirner, 27, 
enjoy their first trip overseas as they touch down at Paris 
Fashion Week .

Hailey Baldwin embraces her low-key style in puffy jacket and 
sweatpants as she arrives at JFK after enjoying Paris jaunt for 
Fashion Week.

Gisele Bündchen wades in the water wearing sheer white blouse and 
bikini bottoms for Vogue Germany... 20 years after her debut.

Naomi Watts and ex Liev Schreiber appear to be on great terms as 
they smile in NYC while taking their kids to play soccer.

EXCL: Kevin Spacey witness interviews reveal victim never told 
his girlfriend - and a waiter, a bartender and the owner of the 
bar saw no sexual assault .

Ben Affleck did ex-flame Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez's 
10-day no-sugar, no-carb challenge and then binged on bagels.

Ali Bastian EXCLUSIVE: Actress, 37, 'marries fiancé David 
O'Mahony in ceremony attended by  Hollyoaks'Jodi Albert and 
Sarah-Jayne Dunn'.

Michelle Williams looks focused as she heads to the NYC set of 
her upcoming Fosse/Verdon show about Bob Fosse and dancer Gwen 
Verdon.

Jermaine Pennant is 'BACK TOGETHER with wife Alice Goodwin 
following brief split'... after relationship was rocked by CBB's 
Chloe Ayling's cheating claims.

Shannen Doherty says she 'cries' when she talks about 90210 
co-star Luke Perry as she admits she has been 'in contact' with 
him after 'massive stroke'.

Strictly's Janette Manrara poses NUDE for American 
Beauty-inspired shoot as she's confirmed in the professional 
dancer line-up for new series.

Kaia Gerber sends powerful message with 'social media seriously 
harms your mental health' phone case in Paris with rumoured beau 
Wellington Grant.

Lily James cuts a chic figure in a black and cream polka dot 
dress as she leads the star-studded glamour at the Into Film 
Awards in London.

Reese Witherspoon, 42, looks youthful in yellow sweater as she 
stars in latest furniture ad for Crate & Barrel.

Emilia Clarke among 16 Entertainment Weekly covers in honor of 
upcoming final season of Game Of Thrones.

Queer Eye Season 3 trailer drops showing Fab Five making over 
their first lesbian: 'I went from being this lost teenager to 
being ... a fierce queen'.

Victoria and David Beckham post sweet throwback snaps of Brooklyn 
and say they 'couldn't be prouder' as their eldest son turns 20 .

Kate Beckinsale, 45, and Pete Davidson, 25, CONFIRM romance by 
passionately kissing in the stands at hockey game.

Miley Cyrus pays heartbreaking tribute to former Voice contestant 
Janice Freeman, who died aged 33 from a blood clot: 'I miss you 
so much it hurts'.

Nicki Minaj parades her legs in microscopic shorts and heels as 
she braves the rain on arrival in Oslo.

Christina Aguilera has announced her first UK tour in 13 years 
and is set to perform all her greatest hits in a series of 
'mother-nature' themed shows.

Elizabeth Hurley, 53, nails feminine chic in a blush pink dress 
as she joins Georgia Toffolo, 24, for Turn The Tables charity 
lunch.

Sheridan Smith transforms into Grindr serial killer victim's 
mother as she films harrowing scenes for new BBC drama The 
Barking Murders.

Kelly Brook jazzes up her grey and black outfit with snakeskin 
print boots as she heads to work at Global radio studios.

Pamela Anderson, 51, glows in a tight white turtleneck sweater as 
she entertains the audience at the 2019 Fan Expo in Vancouver.

Cardi B reveals the hotel suite husband Offset had decorated with 
red rose petals for their romantic vacation in Mexico.

Frankie Essex flaunts her sensational curves in a glitzy 
tangerine bikini as she enjoys sun-drenched Tenerife trip.

Blac Chyna gives leggy display as she poses on a piano... amid 
reports she and ex Rob Kardashian are 'repairing relationship' 
for sake of Dream.

Bethenny Frankel claims ex Jason Hoppy 'manhandled their 
daughter' Bryn... two years after he was arrested for harassing 
the RHONY star.

Jessie James Decker shows off her slender figure in a bikini 
during vacation in Mexico with husband... 11 months after 
welcoming third child.

Kristoff St. John's fiancee Kseniya Mikhaleva cannot attend his 
memorial service because of a visa issue... one month after his 
death.

Vincent Cassel's, 52, model wife Tina Kunakey, 21, shows a hint 
of baby bump in champagne-coloured outfit at Stella McCartney PFW 
show.

Kylie Jenner goes on designer shopping spree with new BFF Heather 
Sanders.... in wake of Jordyn Woods' cheating betrayal .

Mark Wright reveals he and wife Michelle Keegan are 'under 
pressure to have children' as TV host admits he's 'always broody'.

Prince Harry urges families of 31 Britons killed in Tunisia 
terror attacks to 'talk about their grief unlike he did with his 
mother' as he unveils memorial.

Amber Heard goofs around with Janelle Monáe at Giambattista Valli 
PFW show as ex Johnny Depp claims he can disprove domestic abuse 
allegations .

Jana Kramer hits back at mommy shamers after she posted her 
daughter having a temper tantrum... as singer says she is 'over' 
the criticism.

P Diddy shares regret over not marrying his late ex Kim Porter as 
he says on social media post he 'played himself'.

Breaking news! Former Today anchor Tamron Hall reveals she is 
PREGNANT at 48 - while also letting slip that she secretly got 
married.

Danielle Staub SPLITS from fiance Oliver Maier just DAYS after 
announcing her 21st engagement.

Shazam! trailer shows Zachary Levi's less-than-impressive 
superhero skills as he runs around town causing hilarious chaos.

Holly's M&S range is sold once every 15 SECONDS as shoppers rush 
to snap up hits like the denim dresses - and the boiler suit is 
completely out of stock .

The Prodigy were booked to perform at Glastonbury 2019 Emily 
Eavis confirms as frontman Keith Flint is found dead at his Essex 
home aged 49.

Gisele Bündchen and Tom Brady wear matching green coats and catch 
up with their kids on a walk in New York.

Kanye West feels he is the 'godfather' of the Kardashian/Jenner 
family and has to be 'protective' of Khloe now that she's been 
burned by Tristan again.

Brie Larson and Samuel L. Jackson channel Lady Gaga and Bradley 
Cooper as they erupt into a spontaneous Shallow cover .

'I want to live as long as possible': TV star Emma Willis reveals 
she stays in shape because she 'doesn't want to leave' her 
husband and children.

Kim Kardashian's pal Larsa Pippen shares a pinup photo from 
Miami... after Jordyn Woods accused her of being a 'fake friend'.

Zac Efron hobbles around on crutches as he emerges for the first 
time since his knee surgery.

Kaia Gerber takes to the runway once more in a frilly white dress 
and woolly snood as Naomi Campbell rocks a red jacket in the FROW 
at Sacai PFW show.

Kerry Katona claims son Max, 10, 'could have lost his eyes' in 
altercation with bullies as she says she 'wants to put her hands 
around their necks'.

Jaden and Willow Smith rock laid-back lounge-wear from gender 
neutral clothing range as the stylish siblings step out at Paris 
Fashion Week.

Myleene Klass shows off her baby bump as she holds hands with 
beau Simon Motson on city lunch date.

Kaia Gerber, 17, poses with rumoured boyfriend Wellington Grant, 
21, at Stella McCartney's Paris Fashion Week show as she rules 
the runway.

Peyton List drops her good girl Disney image to pose in Latex for 
new Too Faced liquid eyeliner called Better Than Sex.

Bella Hadid looks cool in a white shirt and cream trousers as she 
arrives at Louis Vuitton store during Paris Fashion Week.

Malin Andersson reveals she's split from boyfriend Tom Kemp after 
heartbreaking death of their four-week-old daughter Consy.

Green-fingered Prince Charles gets the go-ahead to build school 
for young gardeners tending to five acres at his £45m Scottish 
stately home .

Strictly announces pro line up for 2019 with fan favourites Oti 
Mabuse, Anton Du Beke and Kevin Clifton returning... but will 
Neil Jones get a celeb partner?.

Stacey Solomon shows off baby bump in a red floral mini-dress 
after revealing she's been sleeping 'most of the day' and craving 
VINEGAR.

Vicky Pattison dresses down as she departs Budapest hotel with 
beau Ercan Ramadan... after posting swimsuit selfie during last 
day of romantic break .

Gemma Collins 'set to join the cast of The Real Housewives Of 
Cheshire after filming secret scenes'... as she tries to move on 
from Arg and stalker drama.

Dancing On Ice's Brian McFadden jokes he plans to 'sit on the 
coach and eat pizza' as he admits weight-loss from the skating 
show 'won't last'.

Angelina Jolie is stylish in black dress and heels on outing with 
Pax, 15, and Vivienne, 10, in Los Angeles.

Jennifer Lopez hires Joanna Gaines of Fixer Upper fame to 
renovate her $6.6m Malibu home.

 Royal expert defends Duchess as he slams rumours of rift between 
Sussexes and Cambridges - insisting separate households were 
always planned.

Gemma Atkinson proudly shows off her 'mini Marquez' baby bump in 
cute snap as she jokes about losing her six-pack abs.

Maisie Williams cosies up to rumoured beau Reuben Selby as they 
attend two fashion shows... after revealing she used to kiss 
Sophie Turner during GoT .

'You have to be diplomatic': Duchess of Cornwall's hairdresser Jo 
Hansford reveals Clarence House made her sign confidentiality 
agreement .

Karlie Kloss is epitome of style in red maxi dress as she joins a 
stylish Alexa Chung on FROW at Stella McCartney's Paris Fashion 
Week show .

Kate Mara covers up her baby bump in khaki coat and hoodie as she 
touches down in Paris in the midst of Fashion Week.

North West, 5, shows off her energetic dance moves at her father 
Kanye West's weekly Sunday Service in Los Angeles .

Johnny Depp claims he has multiple witnesses who can prove Amber 
Heard's domestic abuse allegations are false amid $50m lawsuit.

Margot Robbie rocks gold dungarees and rollerskates as she shoots 
night scenes for Suicide Squad's all female spin-off Birds of 
Prey.

Rami Malek looks giddy as he relaxes at the New York Rangers 
hockey game amid speculation he's tipped for next Bond villain .

Inside Game of Thrones star Nathalie Emmanuel's 30th birthday 
bash with a star-studded guest list, trapeze artist and speech by 
Vin Diesel.

Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna are 'actively communicating and 
repairing their relationship' for the sake of their daughter 
Dream .

Love Island's Kem Cetinay reveals his BFF Chris Hughes is 'really 
happy' with Jesy Nelson (but he warns Little Mix singer not to 
take him away!).

Meghan's BFF Jessica spoils her ex-Canadian PM father-in-law 
Brian Mulroney with a private gig by Michael Bublé at his elegant 
80th birthday party.

Gwyneth Paltrow tells ex-husband Chris Martin 'we love you so 
much' as she shares sweet tribute to celebrate his 42nd birthday.

Only Fools And Horses musical rakes in a MASSIVE £8m in under a 
month... smashing records for highest grossing pre-opening sales.

Kelly Rowland shows off her amazing abs in a tiny crop top and 
leggings as she slips into lilac gym gear in Sydney.

Natasha Hamilton EXCLUSIVE: Singer reveals her wedding plans to 
fiancé Charles Gay are on hold and says they are 'too busy' for 
baby number five .

Ant McPartlin and girlfriend Anne-Marie Corbett look smitten as 
they share a passionate kiss during low-key stroll with their new 
Maltipoo puppies.

Date night! How the Duke and Duchess of Sussex kept a low profile 
to watch West End hit Tina: The Musical over the weekend.

Kim Kardashian shows off her curves in chocolate brown ensemble 
as she heads to Kanye West's church with neon clad North and 
sister Kourtney.

Piers Morgan claims he is 'so happy' to be back on GMB... but 
jokes that not everyone is as excited by his return as he pokes 
fun at Susanna Reid.

Gigi Hadid makes a chic statement in an embellished mini dress as 
she joins stylish Winnie Harlow and Alexa Chung at Prada PFW bash.

April Love Geary shares snap of 'best day of her life' as she 
holds her two girls together for first time after welcoming 
second child with Robin Thicke.

 Gemma Collins is escorted from her home by police and protection 
security officers after she's left feeling 'scared and anxious' 
over her 'stalker hell' .

Line Of Duty season 5: Tense new trailer drops with MAJOR plot 
twist (but fans are NOT happy that show is described as being 
'from the makers of Bodyguard').

Khloe Kardashian joins family outing to brother-in-law Kanye 
West's Sunday Service after saying Jordyn Woods 'is not to be 
blamed' for scandal.

Mark Wright EXC: Star brands marriage to Michelle Keegan 
'perfect' but has NO PLANS for kids... as he admits they wouldn't 
be together without TOWIE.

American Idol: Katy Perry reveals she met fiancé Orlando Bloom 
when he 'swooped in' on her In-N-Out Burger at the 2016 Golden 
Globes.

Lucy Mecklenburgh and Ryan Thomas look more loved up than ever as 
they enjoy a cosy lunch date in Manchester.

Kristen Stewart looks effortlessly cool as she sports casual 
double denim to jet out of LAX and heads to Paris Fashion Week .

Michael Jackson accuser James Safechuck says the singer bought 
the Neverland Ranch for him - and then raped him daily.

Chip and Joanna Gaines start hosting church service on their lawn 
after congregation loses worship space due to Texas freeway 
expansion .

Aidan Turner looks worlds away from Poldark in a suit as he wins 
Best Actor In A Play at the glitzy WhatsOnStage Awards.

Ben Affleck and Lindsay Shookus make their reunion red carpet 
official as the exes attend Triple Frontier premiere .

Jenna Coleman, 32, insists she 'wants to see more of the world' 
before starting a family... as she poses for photoshoot inside 
Kensington Palace.

Pete Davidson wraps his arm around Kate Beckinsale before the 
pair hold hands in New York... after enjoying a romantic night 
out at SNL afterparty.

The Kardashian kids get mischievous as they play with water 
pistols in the parking lot at Kanye's Sunday service.

Victoria's Secret Angels Lais Ribeiro and Lays Silva flaunt their 
statuesque figures in tube-tops and beaded shorts at Rio's 
Carnival in Brazil.

Kim Kardashian is 'livid' and blames love-rat Tristan Thompson 
'100%' for cheating on sister Khloe with family friend Jordyn 
Woods.

Megan Barton Hanson and ex Wes Nelson engage in X-rated 
conversation as the Dancing On Ice star 'asks her to perform 
explicit act'.

James Argent admits it was 'pot, kettle, black' of him to 
'fat-shame' Gemma Collins but believes snoring video was 
'cute'... and thinks they need counselling.

Real Housewives Of Atlanta: NeNe Leakes rips shirt off cameraman 
while blocking filming of closet.

Hollyoaks star Emma Rigby strips off for steamy outdoor sex scene 
as she stars in new thriller The Protector.

Denise Lewis, 46, cosies up to newborn son Troy in stunning shoot 
as she says her life has 'changed completely' since welcoming 
fourth child.

Inside Adam Thomas' sprawling Manchester country home with 
princess-themed nursery, outdoor cinema, grand piano and stunning 
kitchen.

Kevin Clifton reveals he 'doesn't miss alcohol' after going sober 
a year ago... as single star admits he's still not ready to start 
a family .

The Jonas Brother share several behind the scene looks of their 
Sucker music video starring Priyanka Chopra and Sophie Turner.

Emily Atack reveals she is 'fat-shamed A LOT' but brushes off the 
remarks as she hits out at vile trolls.

Offset's babymama Shya L'amour admits his wife Cardi B 'helped 
him grow tremendously' as a person.

'He was loving and caring. And he also sexually abused me': 
Michael Jackson accusers Wade Robson and James Safechuck speak 
out .

The Walking Dead: Alpha decapitates Whisperers challenger as 
Daryl Dixon expertly tracks down Henry in latest dramatic episode.

American Idol: Katy Perry wipes away tears and Luke Bryan 
struggles with his emotions on season 17 debut.

Stephanie Davis, Emma McVey and Charlotte Dawson lead the 
tributes to friend Craig Bieszke after his sudden death.

Olivia Colman looks unrecognisable as she plays a PROSTITUTE in 
one of her earliest acting roles in 2000 comedy series Bruiser.

Proud wife alert! Pregnant Meghan gazes adoringly at Harry as she 
makes appearance with on stage at event celebrating young people .

Selma Blair makes a cheerful appearance after revealing she 
'cried with RELIEF' at receiving MS diagnosis after 'years of 
living in pain' .

Outnumbered's Ramona Marquez looks a far cry from baby-faced 
Karen as she proudly shows off new dragon tattoo to mark 18th 
birthday.

Billie Faiers and Greg Shepherd are married: Newlyweds pose in 
the Maldives... after holidaymakers brand their wedding guests 
'drunken yobs'.

No raining on Kate's parade! Duchess of Cambridge is all smiles 
as she wraps up in an olive £900 Sportmax coat for a trip to 
drizzly Blackpool with William.

PIERS MORGAN: Kylie Jenner isn't a self-made billionaire, she's a 
selfie-made billionaire dimwit profiting off the back of her big 
sister's sex tape.

Taylor Swift reveals her mother's cancer has returned as she 
addresses 'learning how to handle serious illness in my family' 
in an open letter for ELLE .

Luke Perry's family 'thought he could be pulled out of sedation 
after two days'... but had to make agonizing decision to 'take 
him off life support'.

EastEnders' Dotty Cotton is unrecognisable nine years after 
leaving... as fans predict her return to steal millionaire gran's 
fortune.

Kate Beckinsale dons a billowy blouse before changing into a 
striped coat in LA... after romantic weekend in New York with new 
love Pete Davidson.

Rose McGowan says Michael Jackson fans need to accept that their 
hero 'was a bad man' after he is accused of abuse in Leaving 
Neverland.

Ferne McCann slips into a skimpy lime green bikini as she soaks 
up the sun in the Maldives after best friend Billie Faiers' 
wedding.

No warring wives here! Footage reveals Kate and Meghan giggling 
together as they shared a joke at a party for Charles after 
months of feud rumours.

Celebs Go Dating EXCLUSIVE: Megan McKenna is left FUMING as she 
tells her date off after he arrives to their lunch hungover.

Scotty T leaves contestant MORTIFIED as she has to reveal if the 
Geordie Shore star or her boyfriend is 'better in bed' on Your 
Face or Mine?.

Janet Street-Porter says Kylie Jenner is a SHOCKING role model to 
young girls because she promotes lipstick after having fillers.

Gogglebox star Jonathan Tapper sheds THREE STONE in just 12 weeks 
after diabetes diagnosis 'set alarm bells ringing'.

'They sold them to me': R. Kelly's claims 'brainwashed' 
girlfriends' PARENTS 'handed' them to him in shock interview 
where he cries and screams.

Megan Barton Hanson puffs on a cigarette with her hair in rollers 
as she rings in her 25th birthday on lavish spa break with her 
mother.

Elle Macpherson admits it's 'easy to worry about how you look 
when your income depends on it' as a model as she reveals her 
wellness secrets .

Kerry Katona arrives at court accused of 'letting her children 
skip school' - after being warned she could face jail if she 
failed to attend hearing.

Kate Beckinsale, 45, puts on a steely display as she promotes The 
Widow after toyboy ex Matt Rife, 23, advised new flame Pete 
Davidson, 25, to 'RUN'.

Stacey Solomon reveals she WON'T take maternity leave because she 
only gets paid if she works... as she prepares to give birth to 
her third child.

Kendall Jenner is wintertime chic in cream knit sweater and jeans 
as she chows down with pals in Los Angeles.

Dancing On Ice judge Jason Gardiner issues an apology to Gemma 
Collins for calling her 'a fridge' amid 'fat-shaming' row .

Pregnant Myleene Klass, 40, reveals eldest daughter Ava, 11, is 
releasing her own music video with global piano sensation Lang 
Lang.

James 'Arg' Argent strikes up an unlikely friendship with Winnie 
Harlow as he snaps selfie with 'incredibly beautiful'  supermodel 
during Paris break .

Katie Waissel admits being a single mum makes her feel like 
Superwoman as she reveals her two divorces haven't put her off 
finding love .

Orlando Bloom bizarrely carries dog Mighty in a drawstring bag 
following motorbike ride to lunch in LA... ahead of 'Disney 
wedding' to Katy Perry.

Tess Daly cuts a stylish figure in Minnie Mouse Comic Relief 
t-shirt as she leaves BBC studios... ahead of 24-hour danceathon 
with Claudia Winkleman.

Lottie Moss looks effortlessly chic in a fashionable pink coat 
and jeans on solo walk... as she laments the struggles of being 
single.

Lauren Goodger showcases her assets in a TINY plunging black 
swimsuit... after accusing Mark Wright and Michelle Keegan of 
BLANKING her.

Piers Morgan slams Kylie Jenner and insists 'self-made 
billionaire' is only successful because of sister Kim's sex tape 
and isn't 'that good looking'.

Marvel is 'set to cast first openly gay superhero'... as fans beg 
for Captain America to come out.

Salma Hayek channels her inner supermodel as she flaunts her 
famous figure in the latest issue of Town & Country magazine.

Brie Larson rocks gorgeous blue suit with black and red trim in 
New York ahead of release of her new film Captain Marvel .

Ravishing in red! Queen Letizia of Spain stuns in a scarlet 
trouser suit as she attends an awards ceremony named in her 
daughter's honour.

Shirley Ballas, 58, nearly DIED on Comic Relief Kilimanjaro climb 
as she reveals she spoke to her dead brother and almost FELL OFF 
the mountain.

Conor McGregor throws mum Margaret extravagant 60th birthday 
party at Versace mansion and dresses ALL his family in designer's 
clothes.

Keith Flint 'was left alone and he got destroyed' says John Lydon 
as it emerges tragic Prodigy star 'begged his estranged wife to 
come home before hanging himself' .

Paris Jackson 'does NOT believe fresh claims father Michael was a 
child sex abuser and hasn't seen explosive Leaving Neverland 
documentary.

Keith Flint begged his estranged wife to return home before 
'hanging himself' at their £1.5m home - as pictures show him in 
pub just hours before his death .

Bethenny Frankel's ex Jason Hoppy said her reality TV fame was 
the reason daughter, 8, was rejected from prestigious Manhattan 
school .

Kylie Jenner and Jordyn Woods 'have barely spoken in weeks'... as 
friendship hangs in the balance after Tristan Thompson cheating 
scandal.

Naomi Campbell, 48, and rumoured beau Liam Payne, 25, attend the 
WE Day charity bash amid claims she 'got close' to rapper Drake 
during night out.

Emma Roberts cuts a casual figure in skinny jeans and a 
retro-looking suede jacket as she steps out during Paris Fashion 
Week.

Jason Watkins, who lost his daughter, two, to sepsis in 2011 
pleads for better awareness of the killer blood condition - after 
reading about family's loss.

Brooklyn Beckham's girlfriend Hana Cross rocks a glitzy denim 
jacket and black mini dress as she attends Miu Miu party with her 
beau.

Jess Wright continues to parade her incredible bikini body in 
slew of sizzling swimwear snaps as she enjoys boat ride in Miami.

Nicole Scherzinger puts on a flirty display as she joins stylish 
Pixie Lott at star-studded WE Day event in London.

An indignant R. Kelly explodes in anger during his first 
interview since being charged with sexually abusing underage 
teens and protests his innocence.

'You cram it all in before you are 90 and drooling': Joanna 
Lumley hints Absolutely Fabulous may make a return.

Mystery of Kate's 'private dressmaker': Duchess dazzled in a 
custom frock by an unknown designer at the palace - following the 
lead of the Queen .

Cardi B sizzles in tiny yellow bikini as she dances with husband 
Offset in a hot tub during wild Los Cabos break.

Actress Olympia Valance stuns in a lace bodice and silver skirt 
at the Melbourne Fashion Festival ...after revealing she 'loved 
kissing girls' at school.

Queen's Roger Taylor, 69, rocks camo coat and green velvet 
trousers as he holds hand with actress wife Sarina, 37, during 
night out .

It's party time! Rebel Wilson enjoys belated 39th birthday 
celebrations after she receives two huge cakes and a cookie 
delivery.

Hollyoaks star Kirsty-Leigh Porter pays tribute to her baby 
girl's due date after she was stillborn... as she admits 'I have 
been dreading this day' .

'Heartbroken' Rita Ora shows Andrew Garfield what he's missing in 
a bold neon ensemble... after he ended their four-month romance 
for 'a more private life'.

Mummy Diaries EXCL: Sam Faiers admits she and Paul Knightley have 
been sleeping apart for over a YEAR as her mother urges them to 
share a bed again.

Nina Dobrev looks classically chic in a checked jacket and 
spray-on leggings as she enjoys another day in Paris .

Leonardo DiCaprio cuts a sombre figure as he picks up a frozen 
yogurt during low-key evening out with friends after paying 
tribute to Luke Perry .

Ferne McCann wows in silver gown as she cuddles daughter Sunday 
before Sam and Billie Faiers glam up in gold for glossy new ITVBe 
promo teaser.

Ant and Dec are SNUBBED from the RTS Awards nominations for the 
first time in NINE years... after a year of personal drama and 
time apart.

They should be so lucky! Kylie Minogue, 50, gets a rapturous 
reception from fans including Delta Goodrem as she performs in 
Sydney.

Michael Jackson accusers are not after a payout says Leaving 
Neverland director as he defends his film claiming ex-King of Pop 
abused children.

Mel B holds talks at 10 Downing Street about how government can 
help women financially trapped in abusive relationships... after 
her  split left her with '£800'.

Not your average brickie! Prince Charles dons hard hat to visit 
Royal College of Music's new hall - before changing into regal 
gown.

Celebrity Great British Bake Off: Russell Brand WINS with his 
childbirth themed biscuits inspired by his wife's vagina... and 
viewers label it 'TV gold'.

Danielle Armstrong flaunts her tiny 25-inch waist in a busty 
black bikini as former TOWIE star kicks off Singapore holiday 
with swim in infinity pool  .

Keira Knightley reveals she avoids big studio films as a way of 
protecting her mental health because the attention they attract 
is 'too much for her'.

Madison Beer displays her jaw dropping figure in a cutaway pink 
mini dress as the singer sparkles on her 20th birthday.

Classic Kate and contoured Meghan! Duchesses plumped for two VERY 
different make-up looks as they reunited at Buckingham Palace .

Angelina Jolie is back in her horns as Maleficent sequel gets a 
title, poster and release date.

Sienna Miller, 37, looks chic in a camel coat and navy peg leg 
trousers as she leaves Paris hotel with gallery owner boyfriend 
Lucas Zwirner, 27.

'I'm 28 pushing 40 online': Iggy Azalea says people think she 
looks older than she actually is as she addresses rumours about 
her age .

Emma Willis dazzles in velvet gown as she joins Keeley Hawes and 
Jodie Comer to lead the glamour at Stylist's Inaugural Remarkable 
Women Awards.

Kim Kardashian makes a VERY bold statement in $10k leopard print 
outfit with matching gloves as she steps out during Paris Fashion 
Week.

Kendall Jenner makes a low-key exit from Madison Beer's birthday 
party... as sister Kylie comes under fire for being dubbed 
youngest 'self-made' billionaire.

Lizzie Cundy puts on a very racy display as she flashes her bra 
under see-through top on wild night out with BFF Anthea Turner  .

Kate Beckinsale's toy boy ex Matt Rife advises her new flame Pete 
Davidson to 'RUN' and 'be careful' of a relationship with the 
star.

Emily Ratajkowski flashes her abs in a crop top at Daddy 
musical's afterparty... amid claims husband Sebastian 
Bear-McClard owes $120,000 in rent.

Pregnant Laura Jackson displays her baby bump in a black smock 
dress as she joins pal Emma Willis at the Remarkable Women Awards 
.

Luke Perry's will left 'everything to his two children'... as 
it's revealed the actor passed away surrounded by his fiancé and 
ex-wife.

Celebrity GBBO: Russell Brand leaves viewers speechless as he 
jokes about past drug use: 'I took two grams out of that 
basically on instinct'.

Elle Fanning oozes glamour in chic one-shouldered dress as she 
joins leggy Poppy Delevingne and glam Gwendoline Christie at Miu 
Miu's PFW party.

Ashlee Simpson dotes on her daughter Jagger Snow as she treats 
the youngster to an ice cream .

Michelle Keegan lets her hair down in stylish  jumpsuit as she  
launches her new fashion range... after husband Mark Wright 
admitted he wants kids.

TOWIE's Bobby Norris displays a bandaged leg and brandishes 
crutches as he is wheeled around airport ahead of flight to 
Thailand .

Ant McPartlin's ex Lisa Armstrong 'lands a job on TOWIE as a 
makeup artist... three months after being dropped from Britain's 
Got Talent'.

Luke Perry's pro wrestler son Jack 'Jungle Boy' Perry will not 
appear at upcoming event in LA following father's death at 52.

Sienna Miller looks sexy in semi-sheer top and leather miniskirt 
as she heads out in Paris after the Louis Vuitton show.

Taylor Swift meditates upon her upcoming 30th birthday as she 
muses 'I've heard people say that your 30's are the most fun!'.

Demi Lovato SPLITS with boyfriend Henry Levy  as it's revealed it 
was a misconception he served as her 'sober coach'.

Kit Harington admits that he 'bawled his eyes out' after learning 
the ending of Game Of Thrones.

Game Of Thrones star Sophie Turner gazes adoringly at poster of 
her fiance Joe Jonas as she lies on bed in Instagram post.

Katherine Schwarzenegger, 29, and Chris Pratt, 39, check their 
phones as they run errands together in LA .

Isla Fisher looks lovely as she flaunts her cleavage in blue 
floral dress before promoting her new Marge In Charge children's 
book.

Made In Chelsea's Jess Woodley shows off her toned figure in a 
quirky purple bikini top and black bottoms during sun-soaked 
Barbados break.

Newly-single Demi Lovato gets dinner at WeHo hotspot Craig's... 
after 'ending four-month romance with Henri Levy'.

Robin Wright, 52, shows of her toned figure in black leggings 
during a food run with husband Clement Giraudet, 34, in LA.

Susanna Reid's ex Dominic Cotton 'moves in with new girlfriend 
who has been befriended by Good Morning Britain host' .

Cardi B showcases her curves wearing skimpy yellow bikini in sexy 
selfies from Los Cabos vacation with husband Offset.

Emma Stone exudes elegance in dress coat as she joins a stylish 
Alicia Vikander and Karlie Kloss at glittering Louis Vuitton 
Paris Fashion Week Show.

Kylie and Kendall Jenner model sexy swimsuits as their latest 
affordable fashion collection with Ardene is unveiled.

Nicole Scherzinger looks elegant in a black velvet gown... after 
singer broke her silence over intimate home video with ex Lewis 
Hamilton being leaked.

Luke Perry's daughter, 18, cut short her six-month charity trip 
in Malawi to be by her ailing father's side in the 90210 actor's 
final hours .

Killing Eve's Jodie Comer looks ethereal in chic white trouser 
suit as she picks up Entertainer Of The Year at Stylist's 
Remarkable Women Awards.

Kevin Jonas' two-year-old daughter Valentina didn't 'approve' of 
Priyanka Chopra as her 'new aunt'.

Karlie Kloss nails everyday glamour in chic sweater as she takes 
cookie break during Paris Fashion Week .

Rita Ora's four month romance with Andrew Garfield is over 'after 
he dumps her for a more private life'... leaving singer 
'heartbroken'.

A Wales of a time as Prince marks 50 years of service: ROBERT 
HARDMAN says the Queen's party for her son at Buckingham Palace 
was a celebration of his links with Wales .

Sandra Bullock keeps it casual chic while flying home from New 
Orleans with her two kids and boyfriend Bryan Randall.

Nina Dobrev rocks quirky ensemble as she catches up with Jaden 
Smith at Louis Vuitton Paris Fashion Week show.

Lady Victoria Hervey showcases her slender figure in a 
pearlescent white bikini as she poses for her bespoke swimwear 
brand Ladyship in Miami.

Now the Duchess of Sussex reveals fears over chlorine-washed 
chicken from the US as she wades into post-Brexit trade deal row .

The Bachelor UK: Alicia clashes with Tara after she demands 'HER 
time with Alex' in EXPLOSIVE row... but both survive the second 
vote-off.

Loose Women panellists are branded HYPOCRITES after they grilled 
chef James Martin about his weight... as viewers claim they 
wouldn't fat shame a female guest.

Aaaaaagh-ha! 'Absolutely dreadful' Alan Partridge reboot loses a 
third of its viewers in a week.

Olivia Colman enjoys Broadchurch reunion with David Tennant at 
theatre event as she makes first public appearance since Academy 
Awards triumph.

The Voice: Blake Shelton loses country music domination as pop 
star Kelly Clarkson snags singer for her team.

Kylie Minogue, 50, thrills fans in Sydney on the first night of 
her Golden tour... with Delta Goodrem and Kelly Rowland singing 
along to her greatest hits.

The Great British Bake Off's fawning over Russell Brand really 
takes the biscuit! CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV .

Kristen Stewart dons double denim for Louis Vuitton FW/19 after 
party at the Louvre.

Mary Berry, 84, reveals she's vowed to 'try new things' as she 
laughs off her 'national treasure' status... after attending her 
first FESTIVAL and playing drums with Rick Astley.

Meghan and Kate reunited! Duchesses make rare joint appearance as 
Queen hosts party to mark Charles' 50 years as Prince of Wales.

Thandie Newton, 46, flashes her toned midriff in unbuttoned 
floral blouse at the Louis Vuitton PFW show .

Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills: Lisa Vanderpump squares off 
with Teddi Mellencamp over dog drama.

Victoria Beckham showcases her sartorial prowess in a navy dress 
and red thigh-high boots as she arrives in Paris for Fashion 
Week... after celebrating Brooklyn's birthday .

Amy Adams beams beside husband Darren Le Gallo at LA grocery 
store... after teasing long-awaited Enchanted sequel.

EXCLUSIVE:Video shows Luke Perry's excitement at the prospect of 
a 90210 reunion as it's revealed the former teen heartthrob had 
JUST signed on to the reboot.

Hugh Grant bundles up against the New York chill as the actor 
films a scene from new Nicole Kidman-starring TV series The 
Undoing.

Dua Lipa sends fans wild with snap of her 'hot dad' Dukagjin in 
pink wig as he celebrates 50th birthday....after viewers lusted 
over him .

Paris Jackson dances with a male friend and tweets 'don't take 
life too seriously' amid furore over Michael Jackson documentary.

Pregnant Kate Mara defines maternity chic in denim shirt dress 
and khaki bomber jacket as she attends Lacoste show in Paris.

Australia's most stylish couple? Joel Edgerton cuddles up to his 
Vogue editor girlfriend Christine Centenera at Miu Miu fashion 
show in Paris.

Katy Perry rocks casual ensemble of sweatpants and hoodie as she 
steps out for a  day of shopping with pals .

The Holly vs Holden show! As Amanda Holden launches a fashion 
line JUST like Holly Willoughby, who's copying whom in their 
oh-so identical lives?.

Amber Tamblyn brightens up sidewalk in New York City in bright 
red pantsuit and long yellow fur coat.

Julianne Moore turns heads while wearing emerald green dress to 
screen her new film Gloria Bell in New York City .

Megan Barton Hanson has good reason to smile as she steps out for 
her 25th birthday dinner in snake-print coat... days after 
enjoying flirty exchange with ex Wes Nelson.

Stormi receives custom Lamborghini during Travis Scott's 
Astroworld tour... as mom Kylie Jenner, 21, becomes youngest 
self-made billionaire.

Celebs Go Dating: Chelsee Healey FINALLY gets a second date on 
the show... after agents told her she had the worst feedback 
they've ever seen.

Pixie Geldof exudes elegance in black minidress and tiara 
inspired headband for Miu Miu's showcase at Paris Fashion Week.

'A little ray of sunshine has come into the world!' Home And 
Away's Penny McNamee welcomes her second child, a girl, with 
husband Matt Tooker.

Jennifer Garner becomes emotional as the actress embraces a 
friend in Brentwood.

Duchess of Cambridge's mint custom-made dress bears a VERY 
striking resemblance to the £1,590 Missoni gown she debuted in 
Belfast last week.

America Ferrera plants a kiss on her former Ugly Betty castmate 
Judith Light at Superstore Q&A event in Los Angeles .

Michael Sheen cast as serial killer 'The Surgeon' in Fox TV pilot 
Prodigal Son.

Maya Jama is the picture of elegance in vampish red evening dress 
as she makes a stunning appearance at Stylist's Remarkable Women 
Awards.

Zac Efron and Olympic swimmer Sarah Bro ignite dating rumors 
after attending UFC match together.

Brielle Biermann flaunts a fabulously full cherry red pout while 
donning a sizzling scarlet jacket with nothing underneath.

Joe Jonas jokes brother Nick had '18 weddings' with wife Priyanka 
Chopra adding he won't do that with Sophie Turner when they marry 
this summer.

Meghan Markle's friend Abigail Spencer announces she is returning 
to Grey's Anatomy as she posts snap of herself as Dr. Megan Hunt.

Kate Hudson says ALL the men in her life get along 'great' 
including current beau Danny, ex-fiance Matthew and ex-husband 
Chris: 'We laugh about it'.

The Bachelor's Hannah Godwin responds to Colton Underwood's 
heart-wrenching escape: 'I'd jump a fence to not watch that 
episode'.

Kit Harington looks stylish as he steps out in New York City 
following release of Game of Thrones season 8 trailer .

Sarah Michelle Gellar posts tribute to Cruel Intentions... after 
almost forgetting the film's 20th anniversary.

Hailey Baldwin and Justin Bieber reunited! The couple are seen in 
NYC after she returns from five days in Paris... but neither 
appear joyful.

Piers Morgan says Australia is the 'epitome of misogyny and 
sexism' in a heated interview with former Prime Minister Julia 
Gillard.

Lisa Rinna jazzes up gym look with skull bandanna after feuding 
with husband's ex Nicollette Sheridan on Twitter.

Yes, it's a bit cheesy... but jet-heeled Brie Larson is a 
Marvellous new pin-up for the sisterhood: BRIAN VINER reviews new 
superhero movie Captain Marvel.

Draya Michele layers a ruched spaghetti-strap dress over a 
sweater as she steps out for shopping outing in Los Angeles .

Danny DeVito, 74, takes a nasty tumble onstage at Dumbo press 
conference... but comes up smiling.

The Bachelor: Colton Underwood refuses to reveal if he is still a 
virgin as former contestants continue the drama on The Women Tell 
All.

Chris Harrison reveals he nearly called the cops after losing The 
Bachelor Colton Underwood post-jump: 'We have to call the 
authorities'.

Gemma Collins 'PULLS OUT' of Dancing On Ice final after 'bully' 
Jason Gardiner brands her a 'FRIDGE' during spiteful interview.

Dolly Parton's sibling slams the singer for not speaking out on 
#MeToo movement and sexual harassment in country music.

Blanca Blanco looks radiant in a black mini dress with pink 
fringe as she attends the No Manches 2 film premiere in Los 
Angeles.

Hilary Duff shares stunning selfie on the New York set of Younger 
before returning home to baby Banks.

SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Jodie Kidd's lover sets up private 
security app involving former Royal Marine 'guardians' amid wave 
of street crime.

Brooklyn Beckham's girlfriend Hana Cross channels her inner rock 
chick in leather jacket and skirt at Miu Miu's PFW show.

Catherine Zeta-Jones, 49, shows off her stunning legs in new post 
for her home decor line Casa Zeta-Jones.

Nikki Bella spotted leaving her former DWTS partner Artem 
Chigvintsev's LA area home... as their 'romance' gets 'serious'.

Will Smith faces backlash after being cast to play Serena 
Williams' father Richard in new biopic as Twitter users argue his 
skin 'isn't dark enough' for the role.

Cate Blanchett wows in retro-inspired snakeskin print blazer and 
PVC bootcut trousers as she attends glittering theatre gala.

Cindy Crawford, 53, proves she is a natural beauty as she goes 
makeup free while posing next to her dog.

Travis Scott tweets Kylie Jenner is a 'QUEEN' as she overtakes 
Mark Zuckerberg as the youngest self-made billionaire.

Maureen Nolan BAFFLES fans by sharing bizarre picture of her 
SISTER Linda dressed as The Prodigy's Keith Flint hours after his 
death.

Julianne Moore makes a bold statement in purple trousers with 
matching knit sweater as she continues her promotional tour for 
film Gloria Bell in NYC.

The Apprentice winner Sian Gabbidon goes braless beneath a 
plunging playsuit as she steps out with beau Clint Gordon at her 
swimwear launch.

Iconic Sanrio character Hello Kitty is to be made into a motion 
picture from New Line Cinema.

Chloe Grace Moretz stands out in eclectic printed trousers at PFW 
Louis Vuitton show... after avoiding a run-in with ex Brooklyn 
Beckham.

Dani Dyer reunites with Love Islander Georgia Steel at glitzy 
swimwear launch... after completing Kilimanjaro climb for Comic 
Relief.

JANET STREET-PORTER: I suspect Michael Jackson WAS guilty but 
banning his amazing music won't get it out of our heads and it 
won't stop a single child being abused in the future.

Emma Roberts puts on a VERY quirky display in vibrant clashing 
prints as she attends the Louis Vuitton Paris Fashion Week show  .

Demi Lovato knocks out trainer's tooth during a boxing session 
which sends the singer into a laughing fit: 'Hahahahaha sorry 
(not sorry)'.

Grey's Anatomy alum Sarah Drew to star in CBS drama pilot The 
Republic Of Sarah.

April Love Geary shares sweet photos of daughter Lola one week 
after welcoming the baby girl with Robin Thicke.

Megan McKenna cuts a chic figure in electric blue blouse and 
towering heels as she heads to a meeting in Soho.

Liverpool legend Ian Rush, 57, gets engaged to model pop star 
girlfriend 27 years his junior who comforted him after he split 
from his wife of 25 years.

Sienna Miller exudes glamour in checked lemon coat over very 
short lace dress for Louis Vuitton's Paris Fashion Week showcase.

Jennifer Connelly showcases her eccentric sense of style in 
clashing prints and leather trousers as she joins husband Paul 
Bettany at Louis Vuitton PFW Show.

Willow Smith looks edgy in graphic print t-shirt dress and 
thigh-high boots as she holds hands with brother Jaden at Louis 
Vuitton PFW show .

RHOC star Alexis Curtain listed as fugitive after she failed to 
appear in court for drug-related charges.

Love Island's Zara McDermott flashes her taut midriff in tiny 
crop-top as she attends swimwear party... after split from Adam 
Collard.

Declan Donnelly and his wife Ali Astall take time off parenting 
duties as the couple enjoy a rare date night in Mayfair.

Matthew McConaughey flashes a radiant smile as he arrives at 
Texas baseball event for his youth foundation.

Peta Murgatroyd of Dancing With The Stars models fake fur coat as 
she promotes her new film Faith, Hope & Love in NYC.

Lady Gaga steps out in all black for dinner... after her song 
Shallow soars to number one on Billboard Hot 100 chart.

Jennie Garth seen for the first time since Luke Perry's death... 
as 90210 star looks sombre at dinner with husband Dave Abrams in 
Los Angeles.

Chanel muses Cara Delevingne, Kristen Stewart and Penelope Cruz 
parade down a snowy runway as Karl Lagerfeld's final collection 
is honoured .

Kate Beckinsale, 45, heads out on a solo shopping trip after 
confirming romance with Pete Davidson, 25, in over-the-top PDA 
session .

Alex Rodriguez poses with his longtime friend and Shark Tank 
co-star Mark Cuban as the billionaire gives a speech to military 
troops.

Keith Flint had round-the-clock bodyguard over hunt protestor 
fears and said Prodigy bandmates had put him on 'health watch' .

Coronation Street SPOILER: Carla Connor teams up with ex-flame 
Peter Barlow as they pursue a squatter.. ahead of explosive roof 
collapse.

Game Of Thrones season 8: First full trailer reveals epic battle 
as Kit Harington's Jon Snow and Emilia Clarke's Daenerys return 
to Winterfell.

Boss-worthy! As International Women's Day approaches, style icon 
Olivia Palermo auctions off luxury fashion pieces on eBay for 
Charity.

American Gods stars Emily Browning and Ricky Whittle cosy up on 
red carpet at season 2 premiere as they put on a stylish display.

Jessie J shares private Instagram DM with beau Channing Tatum ... 
after he calls her the 'hottest' in a social media comment.

 Lady Gaga rocks a fierce feather headdress and sky-high heels as 
she poses as an 'intergalactic Marie Antoinette' in a very 
dramatic shoot for her 25TH V Magazine cover.

Made In Chelsea EXCLUSIVE: Season 17 teaser unveils SEVEN new 
cast members... including a 'sultry scientist' and 'the Bridget 
Jones of SW3'.

Brooklyn Beckham makes a rare appearance without girlfriend Hana 
Cross as he attends Lacoste runway show at Paris Fashion Week.

Katie Price is slammed by her fans for promoting meal replacement 
shakes as they complain her social media has become 'ad account'  
.

Jeff Lewis says ex Gage Edward accused him of harassment and 
'intent to destroy his character' during angry text exchange.

Queen of Comedy: Phoebe Waller-Bridge gave Alan Partridge his 
most embarrassing humiliation on the BBC yet with the Season Two 
debut of Fleabag, by Jim Shelley.

Made In Chelsea's Louise Thompson shocks by posing for a 
completely NUDE snap in an outdoor shower while on romantic 
holiday in Bali.

Britons react with disgust as claims against Michael Jackson are 
aired in Leaving Neverland film... but his fans leap to the 
singer's defence.

Kim Kardashian leaves NOTHING to the imagination as she reveals 
her braless cleavage and underwear in eye-popping sheer bodysuit 
in Paris.

Andrew Garfield sparks dating rumours with actress Aisling Bea as 
they enjoy a night at the theatre... after breaking off his 
romance with Rita Ora .

Simon Cowell, 59, 'loses half a STONE after doctors order him to 
ditch dairy, gluten and sugar'... 18 months after fall made him 
vow to shape up.

Billie Faiers' new husband Greg 'was aggressive and called a 
holidaymaker a c**t' on his WEDDING DAY as hotel staff 'struggle 
to put a lid on guests' yobbish behaviour'.

Taylor Swift reignites feud with Kim Kardashian as she calls 
reality star a 'bully' who launched a 'hate campaign' against her 
with THAT snake tweet.

Tristan Thompson takes two coffees  back to his hotel... before 
emerging with pretty brunette for a night out.

The Crown co-stars Helena Bonham Carter and Tobias Menzies 
reunite on the red carpet at the BFI Chairman's dinner in London.

R. Kelly is being investigated in Detroit for 'raping a girl from 
the age of 13 for four years and giving her herpes when she was 
17' .

Rita Ora sports a casual ensemble as she touches down in Perth... 
as ex Andrew Garfield sparks romance rumours with actress Aisling 
Bea.

Taylor Swift was so shaken after the terror attack at Ariana 
Grande's concert that she has overhauled her security and carries 
stab and gunshot bandages with her.

'I feel proud to stand in your presence': Prince Harry's message 
of optimism to schoolchildren with pregnant Meghan by his side.

Julie Walters announces year-long hiatus from acting due to 
'exhaustion' as she makes a glamorous appearance at Women's Aid 
reception.

The Mummy Diaries: Viewers SLAM 'spoilt brat' Billie Faiers for 
wanting to spend £30k on dream flowers ahead of her idyllic 
wedding in the Maldives.

Emmerdale fans threaten to BOYCOTT International Women's Day 
Special... as they brand the show's all-female cast and crew 
'sexist' .

Katie Price 'could be forced to sell her country mansion in 
Sussex after £2.1m debt is revealed'.

R. Kelly taken into custody for unpaid child support.

Prince William vows to take a stand against slum landlords as he 
and Kate are left 'deeply affected' on visit one of Britain's 
most deprived streets.

R. Kelly's girlfriend Joycelyn Savage calls her parents after 
explosive interview to insist that she is 'fine' but pauses and 
suddenly ends the call .

'I don't believe a word': Wendy Williams accuses men in Leaving 
Neverland documentary of 'lies' but says Michael Jackson is NOT 
innocent.

Serious drama? Richard Gere's television foray is Dynasty with 
belly laughs: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV .

As a mother of two who watched last night's chilling Michael 
Jackson documentary, SARAH VINE asks: Why DID parents leave their 
poor boys at the King of Pop's mercy?.

Richard E. Grant makes a rare red carpet appearance with wife 
Joan Washington as they honour Oscar winner Olivia Colman at BFI 
dinner.

Idris Elba will replace Will Smith in the Suicide Squad sequel 
after he was forced to exit project due to scheduling issues.

'I'll miss you every day that I walk this earth': Luke Perry's 
pro wrestler son Jack 'Jungle Boy' Perry posts touching tribute 
to his father.

Khloe Kardashian 'struggles to find a way to include Tristan 
Thompson' in True's first birthday after split.

EastEnders: Brookside star Paul Usher CONFIRMED to appear as 
mysterious 'hard man' in guest stint... 37 years after playing 
villain Barry Grant.

EXC: James Safechuck's father says 'there was nothing wrong with 
it' when Michael Jackson would kiss his son on the lips and wear 
footie pajamas to run around house.

She's a natural! Duchess of Cambridge shows her winning way with 
children as she meets young fans on rainy Blackpool Promenade.

Gayle King reveals that Oprah and both her children called to 
check on her after explosive R Kelly interview - but says she 
never thought she was in danger.

Emmerdale grooming storyline star Joe Warren-Plant shares an 
inside look at his lavish lifestyle... including exotic breaks 
with his girlfriend and parties .

Charlotte Crosby puts on a VERY leggy display in an 
off-the-shoulder mini-dress as she joins beau Josh Ritchie at 
Emily Atack's clothing range launch party.

Jennifer Lopez gets pulses racing as she flashes her enviable 
physique while promoting her latest legging collection.

'She's rad': Machine Gun Kelly approves of pal Pete Davidson's 
new romance with Kate Beckinsale.

Olivia Colman oozes timeless glamour in classic black gown as she 
is honoured with a BFI Fellowship at star-studded Chairman's bash.

Travelling in style! Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon arrive in 
Perth with their families before each boarding separate private 
jets.

Celebs Go Dating: Pete Wicks enjoys a blind date with a woman he 
'messed around with' TEN YEARS AGO... after agents said they were 
'disappointed' and blast his flirty attitude.

Ire'll be back! Prince Charles vows to visit ALL of Ireland's 32 
counties as he and Camilla attend reception at country's London 
embassy.

The Mummy Diaries: Sam Faiers and Ferne McCann enjoy fun play 
date with daughters Rosie and Sunday... as pair put their past 
feud behind them.

AJ Pritchard EXCLUSIVE: Dancer admits that if Strictly finally 
have same-sex pairings this year he '100% wants to be the pro to 
do it' .

Line of Duty's Vicky McClure reveals she's auditioned for 'every 
series' of Peaky Blinders... and says audience will be 'shocked' 
by police drama's fifth season.

Mel B continues her campaign to help women in abusive 
relationships as she takes to the stage with mum Andrea at 
Women's Aid event.

Amber Heard arrives in London amid ex husband Johnny Depp's $50m 
defamation lawsuit against her domestic abuse allegations.

Supermodel Ashley Graham shows off her famous curves in 
figure-hugging jeans and a crop top as she enjoys a scenic 
helicopter ride over Melbourne .

Kylie Jenner throws lavish birthday party for her friend Victoria 
Villarroel with daughter Stormi in attendance... but pal Jordyn 
Woods remains frozen out.

Selfie-made billionaire: Since she joined the Kardashian TV 
circus aged 10, Kylie Jenner has transformed her appearance - and 
her bank balance... but at what personal cost?.

Bella Hadid models an oversized grey suit as she lands in New 
York... after appearing in several runway shows during Paris 
Fashion Week.

Ashley Tisdale keeps it casual in leggings and hoodie for a day 
of shopping in the LA rain.

Roxanne Pallett breaks eight month social media silence to 
SUPPORT Michael Jackson amid child sex abuse claims.

Amanda Holden is left terrified in her own home after man parks 
in her driveway then follows her while she 'does her mummy 
duties' .

Michael Jackson's nephew Taj defends King of Pop as fans shout 
his innocence over child abuse claims ahead of tonight's airing 
of Leaving Neverland .

Sarah Jessica Parker shows of her colorful sense of style as she 
films a scene from Divorce in West Harlem.

Good Omens: Official trailer teases the war between heaven and 
hell and the search for the Antichrist in intense extended look 
at Amazon Prime show.

Christie Brinkley, 65, announces she will be starring as Roxie 
Hart for a  stage version of the musical Chicago... a role she 
has played twice before.

Heidi Montag says her plastic surgery reveal on The Hills is the 
'hardest scene' for her to watch.

Madison Beer covers up in baggy hoodie after glamming up for 
star-studded 20th birthday bash at The Nice Guy.

Jersey Shore's Snooki says co-star and BFF JWoww has 'never been 
happier' despite messy divorce.

Binky Felstead shows off her amazing abs in a bikini as she talks 
post-baby weight-loss, feeling 'isolated' as a single mum and 
moving on from Josh Patterson .

Archers fans up in arms over the BBC Sounds app because it keep 
playing episodes from ten years ago.

Mel Gibson lists gated Malibu retreat for $14.5million... his 
fourth attempt at trying to unload the five-acre property.

NCIS star Pauley Perrette and Jaime Camil of Jane The Virgin team 
up as in-laws in CBS pilot Broke.

Cardi B showcases her curves in skimpy yellow bikini as she lives 
it up with Offset in Los Cabos .

EXCLUSIVE: Is this Tristan Thompson's new girl? Model Karizma 
Ramirez seen with NBA player after his break-up from Khloe 
Kardashian.

Stephen Amell fights back tears as he reveals he chose to leave 
Arrow after season eight to be closer to his wife and 
five-year-old daughter in LA.

This Is Us star Janet Montgomery welcomes daughter Sunday Juno 
after infection scare and emergency C-section.

Megan Barton Hanson sticks up for Gemma Collins as she SLAMS 
'vile' Jason Gardiner and admits she's boycotting the DOI final 
because of the judge.

RHOC's Vicki Gunvalson reveals daughter Briana and son-in-law 
Ryan lost 85 pounds on keto diet as she shares snap of 
slimmed-down couple.

Ben Affleck joins Triple Frontier co-stars Charlie Hunnam and 
Oscar Isaac at film's Madrid premiere... after admitting he 
'still loves' ex-wife Jennifer Garner .

Jacqueline Jossa  'still has issues' with husband Dan Osborne but 
says even if their relationship has 'ups and downs' things 'are 
amazing again'.

Jennifer Lopez ditches her long sleek extensions for curly 'do 
while heading to the gym in tank top and leggings .

Serena Williams shares adorable video of 18-month-old daughter 
Alexis Olympia running around the tennis court so fast she loses 
her shoe.

Love Island's Dani Dyer looks besotted as she reunites with 
boyfriend Jack Fincham... after completing Kilimanjaro climb for 
Comic Relief.

Sutton Foster puckers up to castmate Peter Hermann while filming 
Younger on location in New York City.

Maya Jama reveals her toned curves in strapless geometric print 
gown at International Women's Day dinner .

Lizzie Cundy oozes sartorial chic in a dramatic floral gown as 
she attends Women's Aid reception.

Chance the Rapper, Meek Mill and 21 Savage urge the Supreme Court 
to hear fellow rapper's First Amendment conviction challenge for 
'terroristic threats' in song.

Scarlett Moffatt puts on a stylish display in zebra-print co-ords 
and heels as she attends Emily Atack's fashion launch party .

Nashville TV show to be turned into a Broadway musical seven 
months after country series came to an end.

Idris Elba celebrates SNL hosting gig with champagne in promo... 
after rapping in video with Wiley, Stefflon Don, and Sean Paul.

Justin Bieber looks lost in thought as he leaves NYC apartment 
alone... as rumours persist he is struggling to make Hailey 
Baldwin marriage work.

Lucille Ball of I Love Lucy fame had the drug 'poppers' in her 
system at the time of her shock death in 1989 it's claimed in 
preview for Autopsy.

Riverdale is dedicating all future episodes to Luke Perry as 
showrunner says late actor is 'our heart, always'.

Mad About You revival picked up by Spectrum Originals... with 
stars Helen Hunt and Paul Reiser set to reprise their roles.

Elizabeth Hurley, 53, exhibits her age-defying figure in a 
sunshine yellow bikini as she shares sizzling snap from her 
Maldives break .

Emily Atack looks worse for wear as she makes a VERY bleary-eyed 
exit from star-studded launch of her clothing range.

Australian model Catherine McNeil breaks down in tears as she 
walks in snow-themed Chanel Paris Fashion Week show in tribute to 
the late Karl Lagerfeld.

Gwyneth Paltrow predicts psychedelic drugs will be the next big 
thing in health... and takes credit for the gluten-free craze .

Will Arnett packs on the PDA with a pretty blonde in Venice as 
actor stops in the street for a smooch.

Taylor Swift hints her dieting habits were 'dangerous' but she 
'retrained' her brain to stop 'hating every ounce of fat on my 
body'.

Eva Mendes marks her 45th birthday with Ryan Gosling and their 
girls at DisneyLand... where couple had their first date.

Nicole 'Snooki' Polizzi says maternity leave is 'not a thing' for 
her as she gears up for baby number three.

Claudia Schiffer looks effortlessly stylish in a patterned knit 
and skinny jeans as she steps out during Paris Fashion Week.

Jeff Goldblum, 66, and his contortionist wife Emilie, 36, are 
couple goals as the pair is spotted smooching in Los Angeles.

Fearne Cotton admits she's BANNED her children from using iPads 
as she speaks about 'struggling' to stay calm and being called 
'manic' by husband Jesse Wood.

BBC presenter Magenta Devine dies aged 61 while undergoing 
treatment in hospital after a short illness .

Ryan Seacrest tells Blac Chyna to leave him out of Kardashian 
drama after she demands he hand over emails with Kris, Kylie 
Jenner and Khloe.

Made In Chelsea's Jess Woodley showcases her toned figure in a 
tiny neon green bikini with high-waisted bottoms during Barbados 
getaway.

Love Island's Chris Hughes reveals his new relationship with 
Little Mix's Jesy Nelson has made him 'the happiest he has ever 
been'.

'Meghan is setting the bar too high': Vanessa Feltz claims the 
royal's hectic schedule would be 'impossible torture' for the 
average pregnant woman .

Netflix to turn Gabriel Garcia Marquez's novel One Hundred Years 
of Solitude into Spanish-language series.

The Sinner renewed by USA for season three with Matt Bomer to 
star opposite Bill Pullman.

Katie Piper admits she's 'never felt better' since losing 2st and 
slams 'damaging' social media for promoting 'unrealistic beauty 
standards' .

Ben Affleck 'loves' spending time with Lindsay Shookus because 
she has a 'positive attitude, healthy lifestyle and is 
supportive'.

Khloe Kardashian battles insomnia as she lies awake at 4am...  
sharing poems about 'moving on' amid Tristan Thompson heartache .

The time of our lives with SUSANNAH CONSTANTINE: How I cope with 
the curse of middle-age boobs (clue: wear two bras at once!).

Jennifer Garner flashes toned legs in pink dress for event in 
Washington DC... after ex Ben Affleck calls her 'wonderful'.

Shonda Rhimes slashes $1million off the price of massive Los 
Angeles home after four months on the market.

Inside British Vogue editor Edward Enninful's glam birthday bash 
hosted by Karlie Kloss and Lauren Santo Domingo at her palatial 
Paris home.

Geordie Shore star Charlotte Crosby cuts a casual figure in grey 
leggings and a hoodie as she arrives in London.

Olivia Newton-John reveals she's been recovering from 
cancer-induced pelvic fracture for the last six months after 
slamming rumors she had days to live.

Olivia Culpo shows peeks of her toned tummy in a cropped red 
sweater and matching pants as she touches down in LA following 
Paris Fashion Week.

Karlie Kloss beams as she returns from Paris Fashion Week ahead 
of Project Runway premiere.

Alec Baldwin is an uncanny match for cocaine trafficking car 
manufacturer in new trailer for Framing John DeLorean .

Megan Barton Hanson rings in her 25th birthday with a spa 
break... as she sparks reconciliation rumours with Wes Nelson 
after re-following him.

'I'm going to fight this': Jeopardy! host Alex Trebek reveals he 
has stage 4 pancreatic cancer and vows to 'keep working' despite 
diagnosis.

Bethenny Frankel sobs in court describing how her ex Jason Hoppy 
tormented her as their bitter custody battle continues .

Kourtney Kardashian snaps back at comedian who mocked her nude  
snap, suggesting it was a desperate attempt to 'keep the world 
interested in your talent' .

Kerry Katona denies letting one of her children skip school 
during a seven-month period.

Rumer Willis turns up the heat during steamy dance scene with a 
flirty Emma Dumont in clip from new thriller What Lies Ahead.

Morgan Stewart denies affair with former E! executive following 
claims from coworkers of inappropriate relationship in the office.

R. Kelly's girlfriends speak out: 'Brainwashed' women who met 
singer when they were teenagers say they are NOT being held 
against their will .

Kelsea Ballerini bursts into tears of joy after she is invited by 
Big Little Town to become a member of The Grand Ole Opry.

Teresa Giudice admits it's 'not going to work' with husband Joe 
if he's deported upon his release from prison for multiple counts 
of fraud.

Counting On star Jana Duggar, 29, surprises her parents Jim Bob 
and Michelle by completely remodeling their bedroom, giving the 
space its first revamp in 13 YEARS.

To All The Boys I've Loved Before's Lana Condor reveals she had 
an eating disorder and body dysmorphia, as she urges people to 
stop seeing ONE body type as 'ideal' .

Happy wife! Notoriously private Lara Bingle beams in rare candid 
photo with actor husband Sam Worthington.

Taylor Swift reveals her famously curly hair straightened out 
naturally as she got older - and admits she misses her once-wavy 
locks.

Happy Endings actress Casey Wilson, 38, confesses Botox paralyzed 
her face for three months giving her a 'half smile'... but she 
would try it again.

Superstore actor Ben Feldman reveals wife Michelle Mulitz is 
expecting a baby girl as he jokes the thought of having a second 
child is 'terrifying'.

Adwoa the Barbie girl! British model, 26, unveils a new version 
of the iconic doll made in her likeness - complete with freckles 
and a shaved head.

Queen Maxima of the Netherlands cuts a stylish figure in a navy 
and bronze cape as she joins husband King Willem-Alexander on 
their first ever visit to Bremen.

Kendra Wilkinson flaunts her cleavage in leopard-print top as she 
says she is still 'celibate'... after date with Bachelor villain 
Chad Johnson.

Sarah Hyland sports prosthetic bump as she shoots scenes for 
Modern Family in LA... with co-star Ariel Winter receiving 
diploma during filming.

Delilah and Amelia Hamlin steal the show at Madison Beer's 
birthday party as they turn heads in trendy outfits while holding 
hands.

Kevin Smith celebrates one-year anniversary of near-fatal heart 
attack on set of Jay and Silent Bob reboot.

EXCLUSIVE: 'Paradise turned into Southend': Billie Faiers' 
wedding guests accused of 'carnage' and ruining 'holiday of a 
lifetime' with 'intimidation'.

Taking a leaf out of Harry and Meghan's book? Footage reveals 
Kate and William sweetly holding hands as they made their way to 
a helicopter.

Holly Willoughby presents This Morning SOLO for first time ever 
after Phillip Schofield calls in sick at the last minute leaving 
no time to find replacement .

Love Island's Montana Brown is called out by Susanna Reid on GMB 
and branded a 'hypocrite' after arguing that Barbie dolls are bad 
role models .

Meghan's VERY meaningful jewellery collection: Duchess sported 
£3.4K worth of accessories including her 'mummy' baby shower 
necklace.

TOWIE: New girl Chloe Ross 'hits it off with hunky Dan Edgar' as 
she joins the cast... two months after Amber Turner split.

Joey King and Patricia Arquette star in new trailer for Hulu's 
The Act based on CHILLING true story of Munchausen by proxy 
victim Gypsy Rose Blanchard.

'I thought the Queen had died': This Morning stages fake ITV news 
bulletin for a couple's gender reveal - but 'terrified' viewers 
brand the stunt a 'disgrace' .

Christine Lampard reveals she and her husband Frank have become 
'competitive sleepers' since welcoming baby Patricia   .

Michael Jackson accuser Wade Robson claims the singer raped him 
just days after settling sexual abuse lawsuit with Jordan 
Chandler, 13, for $23m.

Katie Price posts snaps of Junior and Princess modelling kids' 
Range... after slamming ex Peter for banning her from doing 
shoots with them.

Andrew Garfield PIC EXCL: Actor 'kisses and caresses' Aisling Bea 
during 'very cosy' night at the theatre... after he split from 
Rita Ora for a 'more private life'.

Chloe Meadows showcases her toned figure in frilly blue checked 
bikini as TOWIE stars touch down in Thailand to film the new 
series.

R. Kelly's girlfriends accuse their parents of pimping them out 
then blackmailing him for $30,000 in excruciating interview where 
he lurks in shadows.

Sophie Turner reveals fiancé Joe Jonas 'loves her more than he 
loves himself' but admits he's 'so mad' at her for revealing how 
Game Of Thrones ends  .

Taylor Swift's intruder is arrested for breaking into her 
Manhattan apartment building AGAIN.

Do YOU let your dog lick your face? Christine Lampard leaves 
Loose Women fans aghast by admitting she gets up close and 
personal with her beloved pooch.

Sports Illustrated model Candice Swanepoel models leopard-print 
swimwear during fun-filled vacation in Brazil.

Ashley Graham flashes her underwear in a black lace frock at 
Melbourne Fashion Festival... as she urges modelling industry to 
drop 'plus size' label.

Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson slips into a floral string bikini 
as she tops up her tan while hitting the beach in the Maldives .

Celebs Go Dating EXCL: Georgia Steel reveals she's looking for 
love and a man who will 'slap her a**e on his deathbed' as she 
admits why she's still  single .

Ed Balls sings Little Mix's Shout Out To My Ex as he jokes 
Leigh-Anne Pinnock and Jade Thirlwall want to hire him as a 
backing SINGER.

Justin Bieber posts a series of images of wife Hailey Baldwin and 
she replies with an 'embarrassed' emoji) amid reports their 
marriage is struggling .

Mike Tindall reveals his fantasy royal rugby team line-up 
features 'Haz', 'Willy', Kate and the QUEEN (but mother-to-be 
Meghan fails to make the cut).

'Never watching MotherFatherSon with my gran again': Viewers of 
new BBC 2 drama MotherFatherSon cringe over graphic sex scenes - 
and full-frontal nudity.

Selma Blair shares throwback snap as she remembers first symptoms 
of debilitating MS and vows to make the most of 'now'.

Prince of the ponytail! William reveals he's learned how to style 
daughter Charlotte's hair - but admits it's been a 'nightmare' to 
master.

One's first Instagram post! Queen shares a letter sent to her 
great-great-grandfather Prince Albert by the world's first 
computer pioneer.

David Ginola, 52, is every inch the doting father as he kisses 
daughter, one, during shopping trip with model girlfriend Maëva 
Denat, 28.

Prince William rounds on the Army for 'never once' preparing 
soldiers for the mental toll of being in a war zone until 
recently - and says it still has a way to go.

James Haskell shares sizzling throwback of swimsuit-clad wife 
Chloe Madeley as he makes VERY cheeky quip.

TOWIE star Georgia Kousoulou sizzles in a neon snake print bikini 
as she hits the beach to film for the new series in Thailand.

Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace blasts fan for leaving VERY lewd comments 
on her saucy selfies.

Jennifer Saunders transforms into adventure-seeking mother as she 
films first scenes in Manchester for Netflix's chilling new 
thriller The Stranger.

Ashley Graham shows off her playful side as she touches up her 
bright red lipstick while in an eye-catching leopard print top.

Love Island's Dani Dyer looks very pleased with herself following 
her Kilimanjaro climb as she steps out with boyfriend Jack 
Fincham in Essex.

Cher is SLAMMED for 'having the sadness of the world in her eyes' 
by famed director who also claims 'she can't act and doesn't like 
men'.

Louis Tomlinson reveals playing new song Two Of Us about late 
mother Johannah for his sisters was 'tough' as he 'didn't want 
them to be sad'.

Love Island's Chris Hughes breaks his silence on Jesy Nelson 
romance and says he's the 'happiest he's ever been' (but compares 
her to his MUM!).

Emmerdale's controversial grooming storyline between Maya and 
Jacob sparks 60 Ofcom complaints after teacher has sex with teen 
student .

The Hills: Whitney Port reveals Paris departure scenes were FAKED 
and she never even went on Teen Vogue trip after Lauren Conrad 
infamously dropped out.

 R. Kelly. 52, reveals he went to the bank for the first time 
three weeks ago and learned he had just $350,000 in his account 
but could not use it for bail.

Olivia Attwood SLAMS pregnancy claims and says she is now 
'paranoid as f**k' after fans accuse her of 'hiding her stomach' 
in busty snap.

Alesha Dixon wears bold candy pink striped co-ord with flared 
bottoms as she arrives at ITV studios for TV appearance.

Emily Atack is VERY worse for wear as she struggles to keep her 
eyes open after partying with celeb pals at boozy launch of her 
clothing range.

Prince Harry makes secret dash to Berlin just hours after he was 
on stage in Britain hugging pregnant wife Meghan .

Victoria's Secret Angel Josephine Skriver displays her toned 
physique in a orange and pink striped bikini as she hits the 
beach in Miami .

Emma Bunton stuns by posting throwback snap with glam Victoria 
Beckham and Ben Stiller from the Spice Girls' heyday 19 YEARS ago.

Love Island's Kendall Rae Knight sizzles in a snakeskin bikini as 
she soaks up the sun on luxurious Dubai getaway.

Countess of Wessex joins forces with Angelina Jolie as she urges 
leaders to 'end the silence' around rape and sexual violence 
against women .

World Book Day 2019: Rochelle Humes' daughter dresses up as HER 
while Imogen Thomas joins celeb mums by sharing sweet snaps of 
their children .

Jemma Lucy shows off her bump in bikini snaps from Thailand as 
she enjoys a girls' trip after accusing baby's father of domestic 
violence.

Rita Ora plays a lovesick club singer and fifties style waitress 
in emotional video for Only Want You... amid split from Andrew 
Garfield.

Louise Redknapp posts cryptic quote about 'being afraid' as she 
works on comeback album 19 YEARS after musical heyday.

Rose McGowan claims growing up in America as a teen was 'more 
traumatising and more hardcore than being in a CULT'.

Made In Chelsea's Louise Thompson showcases her toned figure in a 
tiny white bikini on holiday in Bali... after shocking with NUDE 
snap.

Amanda Holden, 48, cuts a ladylike figure as the Britain's Got 
Talent judge dons an elegant dress with floaty sleeves at glitzy 
art fair .

Ferne McCann sizzles in a neon bikini as she poses with newlywed 
best friend Billie Faiers after their Maldives wedding.

Jamie Foxx wraps his arms around a female friend during dinner 
date with pals... after sparking Katie Holmes split rumours by 
saying he's 'single'.

Charlotte Crosby leaves Emily Atack's clothing launch in tears 
WITHOUT boyfriend Josh Ritchie... sobbing that she has been 
'betrayed by everyone'.

Gemma Collins makes dramatic u-turn as she confirms she WILL 
return to Dancing On Ice for series finale in defiant message to 
'bully' Jason Gardiner .

Kim Kardashian and her daughter North cuddle in their pyjamas 
while flying to Montreal on board a lavish private jet.

Billie Faiers' new husband Greg 'was aggressive and called a 
holidaymaker a c**t' on his WEDDING DAY as staff 'struggle to 
control yobbish behaviour'.

Slimline Simon! Cowell 'loses half a STONE after ditching dairy, 
gluten, sugar (and sausage rolls!) 18 months after fall made him 
vow to shape up.

Love Island's Gabby Allen puts on a VERY cheeky display in 
sizzling bikini-clad snaps on sun-drenched Mexico break .

Match point! Boris Becker heads to court for 'final stage' of 
divorce battle with estranged wife Lilly while she's spotted in 
London police station.

The Voice UK: X Factor alumni Nicole Scherzinger and James Arthur 
join rival show as guest mentors.

Kate Beckinsale struggles to stay awake as she celebrates her 
mother's birthday... after hitting back at Pete Davidson PDA meme.

Barbra Streisand announced as headline act for British Summer 
Time Hyde Park festival six years after her last UK performance.

Line of Duty's Vicky McClure thinks she'll never be a Hollywood 
star as she laments auditioning for 'every series' of Peaky 
Blinders .

Kate Beckinsale, 45, claps back at Pete Davidson, 25, PDA meme 
poking fun at people's poor taste in men.

True Blood star Anna Paquin dons blue puff-sleeved dress in LA... 
before revealing secret to her eight-year marriage.

Love Island's Dr Alex George looks smitten with girlfriend Amelia 
Bath as they hold hands on School Of Rock theatre date night .

Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is dreamy in blue and white striped 
pajama-style pant suit as she steps out in Los Angeles.

EXCLUSIVE: Daniel Radcliffe sports 1970s garb and slightly longer 
locks on the set of his new film 'Escape From Pretoria' in 
Adelaide.

Allison Janney takes selfies with her beloved dad Jervis Spencer 
as they sit courtside at Los Angeles Lakers basketball game .

The Bachelor UK: Host Mark Wright enjoys night out with hunky 
Alex Marks and the VERY glamorous women vying for his affections.

Gemma Chan cuts an elegant figure in black coat and leather 
trousers as she arrives at Jimmy Kimmel Live studios.

Ashley James slips her curves into a skintight knitted pink dress 
as she parties at star-studded fashion bash.

RHONJ Reunion: Teresa Giudice reveals she has NOT reached out to 
President Trump over deportation.

Aquaman hunkJason Momoa's private plane is forced to make an 
emergency landing in Palm Springs following a fire scare.

Caitlyn Jenner, 69, lands at LAX with constant companion Sophia 
Hutchins, 22... after trip to San Francisco.

Khloe Kardashian gives daughter True a smooch on the cheek after 
youngster greets her mother's Instagram followers with sweet 
hello .

Taylor Swift so shaken after the terror attack at Ariana Grande's 
concert that she has overhauled her security and carries stab and 
gunshot bandages with her.

Brie Larson brings the razzle dazzle in glittering key-hole 
jumpsuit as she leads star-studded cast at Captain Marvel 
screening.

Cardi B and husband Offset cuddle up as they wrap up their 
tropical holiday getaway in Mexico following romantic reunion.

Paris Jackson 'hasn't seen' Leaving Neverland, source says 
following the star's silence about the HBO documentary.

Chris Pratt, 39, emerges from Jimmy Kimmel Live! taping with his 
fiancee Katherine Schwarzenegger, 29.

R. Kelly is taken into custody during a hearing in Chicago for 
failing to pay his ex-wife $161,000 in child support.

Porsha Williams cradles bump and belts out a tune as she 
celebrates baby shower with fiance Dennis McKinley and her RHOA 
pals.

Real Housewives Of New York City: Bethenny Frankel and Luann de 
Lesseps break down during premiere.

Chris Pratt discusses playing the 'bad guy' in The Kid on Jimmy 
Kimmel Live after portraying heroes in his previous roles.

Brie Larson is grilled by Captain Marvel co-star Samuel L. 
Jackson as she takes surprise lie detector test during Carpool 
Karaoke.

Kate Mara glows while covering up her baby bump at Los Angeles 
airport after paying flight visit to Paris Fashion Week.

Kara Del Toro goes braless and puts on a busty display in 
plunging black dress for the premiere of the Western thriller The 
Kid.

Alicia Vikander is effortlessly chic in a long black coat and 
shades as she arrives at JFK Airport after Paris trip.

Lauren Burnham gushes about 'love of my life' Arie Luyendyk Jr. 
on one-year anniversary of Bachelor engagement.

Jordana Brewster covers up in a black hooded coat and snug pink 
knit as she waits for a ride in rainy Los Angeles.

American Idol: Alejandro Aranda emerges as early front-runner 
during second episode of season 17.

Elle Fanning makes a bold arrival in yellow and pink coat as she 
lands at LAX following trip to Paris for Fashion Week.

Padma Lakshmi flaunts cleavage in fuchsia jumpsuit at Captain 
Marvel premiere in New York City.

Nina Dobrev rocks wild leopard-print trousers for flight home to 
Los Angeles after enjoying glam trip to Paris Fashion Week.

'Who the f*** came up with that idea?': Red Hot Chili Peppers 
slam Sydney over its 'stupid' new music festival laws .

Chris Pratt is dressed to impress in pale gray suit as he walks 
red carpet solo at LA premiere of his new film The Kid.

Liam Hemsworth proves he still looks handsome in a hoodie and 
joggers as the actor grabs groceries in Malibu.

Farrah Abraham scores new gig reviewing feminism-geared books for 
Penthouse... and she's starting with Joan Didion.

Amy Adams rocks sleek black coat and purple shades with leggy 
jeans as she enjoys a Beverly Hills outing.

'I felt the embryonic kicking of feminism': Pregnant Meghan 
cradles 'our little bump' as she wears £185 dress for 
International Women's Day event .

The Office star Lucy Davis makes a rare public appearance as she 
goes make-up free in low-key ensemble while heading through LAX .

Julianne Moore admits she was FIRED from Can You Ever Forgive Me? 
and has yet to watch the movie because it's 'too painful for her'.

'No baby, just a scar': Malin Andersson marks International 
Woman's Day with image of her postpartum body two months after 
daughter's death.

Loose Women's Jane Moore and Kaye Adams erupt into a FURIOUS 
on-air spat about childhood obesity... forcing Andrea McLean to 
intervene.

Are you frazzled by your dry, damaged locks? Here's five simple 
ways to get strong, long AND healthy hair - without an expensive 
salon trip!.

LaToya Jackson attacked her brother Michael's 'crimes against 
small, innocent children' in shocking resurfaced interview from 
1993 .

Liam Payne KISSES ex Cheryl on the cheek as they put on an 
amicable display and hug each other during run-in at the Global 
Awards.

Britain's Got Talent: Ant and Dec reunite for fun new trailer as 
he makes his big return after stepping down from TV commitments 
for a year .

Kerry Katona admits she 'hasn't had sex in a LONG, LONG time'... 
after confessing she would flog a Kim Kardashian-style tape for 
cash.

Peter Andre breaks silence on shock Leaving Neverland appearance 
as he says he was 'sad for months' over losing chance to meet 
Michael Jackson .

Geri Horner EXCL: Ginger Spice FaceTimes her 'so good looking' 
husband Christian while she's meant to be hosting All Together 
Now.

Kim Kardashian puckers up in flawless snap as she shows off gold 
playing pieces for Kanye West's Monopoly game Yeezus Edition.

TOWIE's Chloe Sims displays her eye-popping cleavage in a 
plunging white swimsuit as she shoots new series in Thailand.

Going through cancer treatment? This is how to cope with the 
sleep disturbances it can cause.

Victoria Beckham wows in chic cami as she marks International 
Women's Day with mum Jackie and mother-in-law Sandra at her Dover 
Street store.

Kate Hudson snuggles her baby girl and Kris Jenner praises her 
'tribe' of daughters as celebrities honor International Women's 
Day on social media.

Michael Jackson accuser Wade Robson accused of 'splitting up 
Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake with brief fling'.

Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez invite fans into their 
luxurious trip to Miami as they fly on a private jet and enjoy 
time on a speedboat.

Vicky Pattison strips down to skimpy black string underwear and a 
sports bra as she poses for a sultry bedroom selfie .

The Queen's private persona revealed: Royal biographer reveals 
the monarch 'speaks in riddles', tells witty jokes and uses 
'nicknames for everyone'.

Keith Flint's Prodigy bandmates share heartbreaking tribute to 
their 'brother'... as his pals are set to honour the late star 
with a charity fundraiser rave.

Victoria's Secret model Jasmine Tookes says it's better to eat 
everything you crave but do so 'in moderation' than go on wacky 
diets.

Corey Feldman, 47, admits he can no longer defend Michael Jackson 
amid 'horrendous molestation allegations' in Leaving Neverland 
documentary.

R. Kelly's ex-wife accuses him of using child support to control 
her and denies trying to 'destroy' him as he claimed in a recent 
wild interview.

Katie Piper cuts an elegant figure in a mint green suit as she 
launches new book while recovering from surgery.

Billie Faiers poses in £1,500 beach gear as Greg Shepherd pokes 
fun at claims 'raucous' Maldives wedding turned 'paradise into 
Southend'.

Pregnant Stacey Solomon shows off her baby bump in lilac 
mini-dress as she claims her sons PREFER her 'fun' beau Joe Swash 
because she's 'strict'.

Daisy Lowe shows off her edgy style in tight skirt with tough 
biker boots as she enjoys romantic stroll with model boyfriend 
Cameron McMeikan .

Nicole Kidman is branded a 'maniac in the bed' by Keith Urban 
while giving an intimate insight into their marriage.

Pink tries to create a normal family atmosphere for her two kids 
while on tour by serving a regular family meal twice a week.

Eva Longoria lands role opposite Tessa Thompson in the film 
Sylvie... after calling for more 'diversity' in Hollywood.

James Argent looks glum while stepping out in Paris with on-off 
love Gemma Collins as she admits she only 'sort of' loves him.

Conor McGregor is joined by his stunning long-term girlfriend Dee 
Devlin as she breastfeeds their newborn daughter Croia in sweet 
snap.

Leaving Neverland: Peter Andre spotted in documentary as it 
emerges he was second in competition that led to Wade Robson's 
meeting with Jackson .

R. Kelly warns Gayle King to 'be careful' and reveals his 
preference for women with 'tight bodies' as his accusers react to 
his hysterical interview .

Paris Hilton slips into a semi-sheer LBD and nude fishnets for 
dinner with Kim Kardashian's best friend Larsa Pippen.

Amber Heard jets out of London amid ex husband Johnny Depp's $50m 
defamation lawsuit against her domestic abuse allegations.

Luke Perry's Riverdale co-star Hayley Law recalls the moment he 
kindly offered to co-sign for her new car as she pays tribute to 
the late actor.

Wes Nelson reveals he's 'lost 10kg in muscle' and his body has 
started to 'break down completely' amid training for Dancing On 
Ice final.

Michael Jackson couldn't have raped accuser Wade Robson because 
child dancer was dating icon's niece at the time, according to 
singer's nephew.

Catherine Tyldesley posts flashback baby bump snap as she 
applauds Gemma Atkinson for working out during her pregnancy.

Vice President Meghan! Duchess of Sussex takes on new role at the 
Queen's Commonwealth Trust alongside husband Harry.

David Beckham praises 'amazing' wife Victoria and daughter Harper 
as Amanda Holden poses in a tiny T-shirt for International 
Women's Day 2019.

GMB's Kate Garraway is mercilessly mocked for her streaky brown 
dress as amused viewers liken her to a piece of BACON.

Cheryl shows off her incredible figure in a VERY low-cut rainbow 
gown as she exits the Global Awards after bumping into ex Liam 
Payne on red carpet.

Putting her best foot forward! Stylish Crown Princess Mary of 
Denmark sports over-the-knee boots for UN Women event in 
Copenhagen.

Paris Hilton's famous party pad, where former BFF Kim Kardashian 
worked as her stylist before her fame, is up for rent for a 
staggering $30,000 PER MONTH.

Phoebe Waller-Bridge is joined by Taylor Schilling, Dianna Agron 
and Marisa Tomei at star-studded opening night of Fleabag play in 
New York.

Louis Tomlinson praised by fans for showing his 'bravery' in new 
single dedicated to late mother Johannah... as he 'wishes he had 
been taken instead'.

Danielle Lloyd leaves bridal shop with a dress bag after admiring 
a white lace-hem gown ahead of wedding to Michael O'Neill.

Jack Bannon films action scene for Batman prequel Pennyworth 
alongside Ben Aldridge.

Kate announces a rare joint engagement with the Queen to King's 
College London this month - SEVEN years after their last solo 
outing together .

Irina Shayk EXC: Supermodel showcases her toned body in tiny  
bikini in Miami getaway... after Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga 
Oscar performance.

Sophie at the Stock Exchange! Countess of Wessex looks chic in a 
£825 coat as she opens London markets for International Women's 
Day.

Alesha Dixon says she was told 'black girls won't sell records' 
or star on the covers of magazines during her early career with 
Mis-Teeq.

'I thought I was going to die': Love Island's Samira Mighty 
reveals breast cancer scare after finding a lump that Dr Alex 
told her to get checked.

TOWIE's Shelby Tribble shows off her sizzling frame in TINY 
two-piece as she joins bikini-clad Clelia Theodorou while filming 
new series in Thailand.

Anything William can do! Proud dads share tales of hair styling 
triumphs after prince revealed he's mastered Charlotte's ponytail.

David Beckham 'concerns wife Victoria over growing friendship 
with supermodel Helena Christensen'.

Robbie Williams poses happily with divorced parents following 
Vegas gig... as they are pictured together for first time in 45 
YEARS after bitter split .

Khloe Kardashian faces heat from fans for posting throwback of 
True with Birkin bags: 'You could feed a few villages of starving 
children'.

Billie Faiers' mum hits back at holidaymakers' complaints about 
'raucous behaviour' at Maldives wedding as she post clip of rowdy 
party in the SEA .

Nicky Hilton embraces her style icon status in a chic fuzzy coat 
and leggings as she enjoys a jaunt in the brisk Big Apple weather.

Pixie Lott oozes glamour in a low-cut white satin dress as she 
parties alongside her fiancé Oliver Cheshire at her sister's 
birthday bash.

Paris says late father Michael Jackson had a 'good heart' and 
she's thinking about 'the bigger picture' after Finding Neverland 
documentary airs.

BRIAN VINER: Maggie Gyllenhaal shines in the title role in The 
Kindergarten Teacher about a woman edging towards an irrational 
obsession.

Driving them wild! Brooklyn Beckham's ex Lexi Wood and I'm a 
Celebrity star Justin Lacko turn up the heat for new fashion 
campaign.

Charlotte Dawson grabs Christine McGuinness' VERY ample assets on 
fun night out in Manchester as star is seen for first time since 
hospital visit.

Michelle Keegan makes rare red carpet appearance with Mark Wright 
at Global Awards... after he admitted they are 'under pressure' 
to have kids.

Leonardo DiCaprio tries to keep a low profile as he and 
girlfriend Camila Morrone make rare public outing.

Naomi Campbell has a VERY frosty response when quizzed about Liam 
Payne and Drake romance rumours on the Jonathan Ross Show  .

Sophie Turner and fiancé Joe Jonas enjoy date night in LA after 
Game of Thrones star revealed the singer 'loves her more than he 
loves himself'      .

Geordie Shore Abbie Holborn courts attention in a plaid suit as 
she joins busty Zahida Allen on wild night out in Manchester.

Cameron Diaz heads out for a low-key trip to the grocery store in 
Beverly Hills... a year after she confirmed she has retired from 
acting.

Jonas Brothers participate in revealing Carpool Karaoke as they 
take lie detector test and discuss their famous purity rings.

Demi Lovato sends herself flowers and an inspiring 'you're 
beautiful and loved' note as she moves on from split with 
designer beau Henry Levy.

Shawn Mendes 'likes' photo of ex Hailey Baldwin... before her 
husband Justin Bieber assures fans the pair are just 'friends'.

Cheryl brings rainbow to the red carpet as she joins Michelle 
Keegan in fuchsia and pregnant Myleene Klass at the star-studded 
Global Awards.

Luke Perry's on-screen son KJ Apa breaks his silence on tragic 
death of Riverdale castmate as he says 'Rest in Love bro'.

Pete Davidson gets unicorn tattoo in NYC... as girlfriend Kate 
Beckinsale hangs with Henry Winkler in LA.

Kate Beckinsale exudes off-duty glamour in skin-tight leather 
trousers and black stiletto boots during low-key Los Angeles 
outing.

R. Kelly's ex lawyer says star was 'guilty as hell' in child 
pornography trial he was acquitted in 11 years ago and needed 
'anti-libido drugs'.

Katharine McPhee, 34, is supported by her proud fiancé David 
Foster, 69, at Waitress press night as her West End debut wins 
rave reviews.

Supermodel Ashley Graham slams the label 'plus size' - saying 
curvy women should never be described based on 'the number inside 
her pants'.

EXCL: Ashamed? Paris Jackson covers her face and refuses to 
answer questions about Leaving Neverland's paedophile claims 
against father Michael.

Dina Lohan says 'when you know you know' of boyfriend of five 
years who she has NEVER MET as fans are concerned she's 'drunk' 
on Wendy Williams.

Cole Sprouse and Lili Reinhart only have eyes for each other as 
they grace the premiere of his new film Five Feet Apart.

ALISON BOSHOFF: Michael Jackson is accused of being a 
paedophile... but what's almost as shocking, is how he paraded 
his 'friendships' with boys while fans did nothing.

Julianne Moore beats the cold in a large khaki puffer coat and 
boots she carries a large package around New York City.

Gina Rodriguez rocks standout leather jacket as she cuddles up to 
fiance Joe LoCicero at the Five Feet Apart premiere.

Revealed: 70% of anti-Meghan tweets sent in two months came from 
just TWENTY trolls whose accounts were 'created to produce 
negative content about the Duchess'.

Who wore it better? Kim Kardashian steals Naomi Campbell's '90s 
catwalk look... after supermodel dissed reality star's Vogue 
cover.

Little Mix lead winners at the Global Awards as they scoop TWO 
gongs... after Jesy Nelson pays emotional tribute to her 
bandmates.

Blac Chyna flaunts her incredible curves in skintight orange 
jumpsuit after demanding Ryan Seacrest deposition.

Mandy Moore says meeting husband Taylor Goldsmith on Instagram is 
a 'modern love story' .

Katie Piper EXCL: Presenter is feeling 'much better' after 
surgery in Pakistan left her covered in bruises as she makes 
first public appearance .

Dua Lipa turns heads in a striking neon green and black ensemble 
as she takes home TWO gongs at the Global Awards.

Liam Payne smoulders in a navy suit as he bumps into ex Cheryl on 
the red carpet at the Global Awards... amid claims he is dating 
Naomi Campbell.

Elle Fanning dresses down in sweater and sweatpants on outing 
with her mom in Beverly Hills... following glamorous PFW 
appearances .

Prince Harry risks environmentalists' wrath by taking helicopter 
from London to Birmingham two days before 'climate change' speech 
to young people.

Fern Britton, 61, wows in vibrant photoshoot as she discusses her 
'boobs going south', depression and downing gin after her 
mother's death.

Prince Charles avoids teabags because they contain plastic and 
jokes his gut will have to be 're-engineered' because so much is 
in our food.

Kanye West, Ty Dolla $ign and Kid Cudi sued by entertainer who 
says that they sampled his voice on Kids See Ghosts without 
permission.

Kathy Bates and Brooklyn Decker keep it simple in black ensembles 
as they attend the Texas Film Awards in Austin.

Myleene Klass cradles her blossoming baby bump as she steps out 
in a black one-shouldered gown while arriving at the Global 
Awards.

Rochelle and Marvin Humes EXCLUSIVE: Couple put on a loved-up 
display at the Global Awards as the pair admit they won't rule 
out having another baby.

Gemma Collins admits she's only 'sort of' in love with on-off 
beau James Argent as she insists she's 'sick of blokes' and wants 
to 'go missing'.

Maggie Gyllenhaal slams reporter for writing that her voice was 
'high-pitched' and 'cartoonish' in a profile piece about the 
actress .

Kaia Gerber surprised at airport by brother Presley... who picks 
up sister just after DUI charge.

Taylor Swift's stalker appears in court after he 'broke into her 
Manhattan apartment by smashing a glass door then ransacked her 
home'.

Carey Mulligan joins fellow Mumford wife Dianna Agron as they 
wrap up in cosy jackets and scarves while enjoying coffee break 
in New York .

JAN MOIR: Is Mel B the right kind of champion for abused women?.

Ayda Williams booked Robbie to sing at the Girls 'cabaret' night. 
But the Boys were after Cher and 'three men waving their willies' 
on Celebrity Apprentice by JIM SHELLEY.

Ricky Gervais promotes new Netflix comedy After Life in New York 
Ciry accompanied by partner Jane Fallon.

Kelly Brook reveals her hourglass curves in metallic printed mini 
dress at the glitzy Global Awards .

Emma Bunton oozes sartorial chic in tailored black jumpsuit at 
the Global Awards... ahead of wedding to partner of 20 years Jade 
Jones.

Jaden Smith covers up in casual gray hoodie with bright red 
padded jacket as he rides motorized suitcase at LAX.

Alessandra Ambrosio channels her inner biker girl as she grabs 
lunch with friend in edgy leather jacket and patriotic sweatshirt 
.

BAZ BAMIGBOYE: Will Queen Olivia Colman be doing a spot of 
shoplifting? Oscar winner is in discussions to play a 
chain-smoking kleptomaniac film about bare-knuckle fighting.

Katie Price unrecognisable in throwback lingerie snap... but 
risks angering Peter Andre AGAIN after being compared to Princess.

Megan Barton Hanson flashes her ample sideboob in cut-out 
jumpsuit at star-studded app launch... after sparking 
reconciliation rumours with Wes .

The Son star Jess Weixler welcomes first child, a daughter named 
Beatrice Danger, with husband Hamish Brocklebank.

Sheryl Crow goes retro in 1960s flower power as she attends the 
Third Annual Love Rocks NYC Benefit Concert for God's Love We 
Deliver.

CBB's Roxanne Pallett claims she has been receiving treatment for 
PTSD, panic disorder and anxiety as she thanks fans for support 
in her 'darkest days'.

Sofia Richie rocks Alexander Wang hoodie with see-through 
leggings and cat eye sunglasses as she heads out in Beverly Hills.

Ian Ziering looks sporty while running errands in LA... after 
sharing touching tributes to late castmate Luke Perry.

Holly Willoughby puts on a stylish display in a polka dot 
monochrome dress as she appears on The One show.

Ryan Phillippe hides buff physique in dressed-down ensemble after 
Cruel Intentions 20th anniversary.

Naomi Campbell and Gemma Collins forge an unlikely bond over 
their shared 'diva' reputations as The GC hails the supermodel 
her 'queen'.

If you love hair-raising horror, this holiday is just the ticket: 
CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV .

Haley Lu Richardson is pretty in pink as she has fun on red 
carpet by poking fun at her co-star at the Five Feet Apart 
premiere in Los Angeles.

Game Of Thrones' Maisie Williams and Sophie Turner say 'all the 
stamina in the world' couldn't prepare them for final battle 
scene as they pose in British Vogue shoot .

BAZ BAMIGBOYE: Second helping of Downton movie could already be 
on the menu....

Lily Allen puts on a chic display in a black jumpsuit as she 
poses in a series of animated snaps to promote future TV 
appearance.

Love Island's Dani Dyer cuts a stylish figure in black leather 
miniskirt as she leads stars at In The Style campaign launch.

Jennifer Lopez bares her taut midriff in cropped sweater and 
matching sweats to board private plane with beau Alex Rodriguez 
in Miami.

BAZ BAMIGBOYE: Oops! He did it again... songwriter Max Martin 
pens songs for & Juliet, a Shakespeare-inspired stage show that 
features two dozen or more of his hits.

The Simpsons announce they'll cut their Michael Jackson episode 
where he sings Billie Jean and moonwalks from their archives .

Nicole Scherzinger opts for casual chic look upon arrival at LAX 
airport after release of intimate video with ex Lewis Hamilton.

Karlie Kloss is sophisticated chic in a streamlined black dress 
and a blazer as she attends Project Runway premiere.

Kendall Jenner is casual cool in brown leather jacket after 
filming KUWTK as she rallies round sisters amid cheating and 
billionaire controversies.

Midsomer Murders: The 20th series of the most gloriously 
improbable whodunnits begins on Sunday... revel in these killer 
facts about the show and crack the clues hidden in each one... .

Charlotte Crosby enjoys a steamy kiss with boyfriend Joshua 
Ritchie at fashion party... after leaving event in tears WITHOUT 
him the previous night .

Shocking pictures show the scorched Malibu homes of Miley Cyrus, 
Kim Basinger, and Robin Thicke after devastating California 
wildfires left properties in ruins .

Love Island's Georgia Steel flaunts her jaw-dropping figure in 
white floral jumpsuit as she attends makeup launch bash.

Lacey Chabert looks demure in a fitted sheath dress as she and 
Brendan Elliot stop by Hallmark Home and Family .

Alec Baldwin and his famous acting brothers flaunt their ripped 
abs in shirtless throwback snap.

Dancing On Ice's Wes Nelson and ab-flashing Vanessa Bauer pose 
for new snaps before final showdown with James Jordan and 
Alexandra Schauman.

She hasn't aged a day! Natalie Imbruglia, 44, stuns as she 
showcases her youthful good looks and taut visage in London.

Brooklyn Beckham's Playboy model ex Lexi Wood stuns in a 
skintight crop top and leather joggers as she jets into Melbourne 
for fashion shoot.

Kanye West gets counter-sued by record company EMI in New York to 
enforce 2003 publishing agreement.

Morena Baccarin dons sheer skirt as she hits the red carpet with 
husband Ben McKenzie for premiere of Project Runway.

Contented mum Dido returns with a seductive contender: ADRIAN 
THRILLS reviews slow-burning return of BRIT Award winner .

Lord Of The Rings: TV series 'to focus on a rarely explored era 
of Middle-Earth'... as Amazon tease new map for their $1billion 
show.

Legs eleven! Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flaunts her 
incredibly long pins as she strips off into a white G-string in 
Stockholm.

Sofia Richie sports a casual sweater and wet-look leggings as she 
heads for a workout in LA.

Gisele Bundchen shows off magnificent mane of hair as she stuns 
as a golden goddess in Pantene Brasil ad.

Celebs Go Dating: Love Island star Georgia Steel is blasted by 
agents for being 'self-absorbed' and 'fraudulent' after series of 
catastrophic dates.

BBC boss claims the corporation has left Netflix trailing after 
the success of The Bodyguard which was watched by 17m viewers in 
one month .

Love Island's Hayley Hughes puts on a VERY busty display in 
plunging black leather mini dress as she celebrates her 
collection launch in Manchester.

Cher heaps praise on 'fighter' Nancy Pelosi and slams 'old white 
men' like Trump in government.

Nikki Sanderson looks smitten with beau Greg Whitehurst as they 
step out for app launch party in Manchester.

Sofia Vergara is a Beverly Hills bombshell in clingy jeans and 
leopard-print stilettos.

Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber, 19, 'charged with DUI and 
driving his Tesla with blood alcohol content of .08' which could 
land him in jail.

Staci Felker weighs in on Miranda Lambert's surprise wedding... a 
year after then-husband 'left her' to be with country star.

She's MARVEL-LOUS: BRIAN VINER reviews the franchise's first 
female superhero film Captain Marvel .

Celebs Go Dating: Mel B's sister Danielle reveals she stole her 
Spice Girls sibling's designer clothes for a date and ended up 
bumping into her.

A daytime rave, a saxophonist, bongo drums and plenty of 
cocktails: Inside Billie Faiers' son Arthur's WILD 2nd birthday 
bash.

We are selling! Sir Rod Stewart sells Essex mansion for 
knock-down £4.5m three years after putting it on market with 
£7.5million asking price .

Whoops! Ashley Graham suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she 
reveals her nude underwear in a thigh-split dress on the runway 
in Melbourne.

Justin Bieber appears despondent as he exits NYC apartment 
alone... amid rumors of marriage troubles with Hailey Baldwin.

Tiffani Thiessen shares touching tribute to Luke Perry calling 
her former 90210 co-star 'the definition of a gentleman'.

Good Morning Britain presenters Charlotte Hawkins and Kate 
Garraway enjoy a girls' night out at the Global Awards.

Danielle Armstrong shows off her phenomenal figure in a skimpy 
bikini as former TOWIE star holidays in Singapore.

The Young and Restless star Kristoff St. John's ex-wife Mia 
reveals she broke her 30 years of sobriety after his sudden death 
last month.

Lisa Rinna takes aim at RHOBH costar Lisa Vanderpump over 
potential Vanderpump Dogs spin-off: 'My lawyer will be calling' .

Dame Kelly Holmes targeted by trans activists after she objects 
to athletes who have transitioned competing in women's sport.

Donna Air looks effortlessly chic in a shirt and flared black 
trousers as she attends Juvederm Beauty launch party.

Hilary Duff delightedly pets a husky puppy on the street as she 
takes a break from shooting Younger in NYC.

Keri Russell stands out in white as she poses with her Burn This 
co-stars Adam Driver, David Furr and Brandon Uranowitz at NYC 
photo call.

Maren Morris flashes her toned midriff in neon crop top and 
leggings as she promotes new album Girl in New York City.

Jack Osbourne is officially divorced from his ex Lisa Stelly... 
after calling it quits following six years of marriage .

Karate Kid sequel series Cobra Kai drops season two trailer 
revealing heated new rivalry between stars Ralph Macchio and 
William Zabka.

From the ballroom to the barracks! Crown Princess Mary swaps her 
heels for boots as she attends a military training course with 
the Danish Home Guard .

Joanna Gaines shows off her tumbling skills on Instagram... as 
star impresses former OIympians Mary Lou Retton and Shawn Johnson.

Chance The Rapper shares sweet story of meeting his future wife 
Kirsten when he was nine years old... as the couple prepare to 
marry this weekend.

Chris Pratt says he has 'barely' helped fiancée Katherine 
Schwarzenegger plan their fall wedding as he's just too busy.

Jack Whitehall enjoys rare family outing with dad Michael, 78, 
and mum Hilary, 57, as they attend Maiden premiere.

No time for a tumble! Elle Macpherson looks elegant arriving at a 
business meeting in New York City - after falling over on the red 
carpet in Vienna.

Taylor Swift reveals she has had 'dark and low times' in her 
life... but there is a free app that lifts her spirits: 'I've 
always found a tiny bit of relief from it'.

'I would give anything to be able to play this show for you': 
Troye Sivan cancels his Paris concert due to illness - as he 
offers refunds to fans.

Alexandra Cane embraces her 'real cellulite' as she poses in 
underwear after pining for her Love Island figure .

Grey's Anatomy recap: Jo feels pressured to have children and one 
couple proclaims their love for the first time.

From 'hipster hangout' to the celebrity capital of Australia: How 
Chris Hemsworth and Elsa Pataky's boho lifestyle transformed 
Byron Bay .

Khloe Kardashian shares sultry selfie telling fans to 'stay 
positive' ... as source claims she's trying to move on from 
Tristan Thompson.

Duchess of Cornwall delivers empowering speech ahead of 
International Women's Day declaring 'you've got one life...use it 
for the best possible purpose'.

EastEnders' Danielle Harold is joined by new Ben Mitchell actor 
Max Bowden as they film scenes together.

Bella Thorne asks 'who wants to be my girlfriend?' after 
splitting from YouTuber Tana Mongeau... as the star continues to 
date Mod Son.

Eva Longoria says 'we need diversity in all facets' of 
Hollywood... as star poses for Marie Claire's Change Makers issue.

Celebs Go Dating EXCL: Georgia Steel reveals she's looking for 
love and a man who will 'slap her a**e on his deathbed' as she 
admits why she's still single .

Mindy Kaling helps revive Emma Thompson's hosting career as the 
sole female writer on show's staff in first trailer for Amazon's 
comedy Late Night.

Binky Felstead takes a rare break from mummy duties as she 
arrives in Dublin for perfume launch... after confessing she 
feels 'isolated' as a single parent.

Liam Gallagher, 46, wears workout gear as he enjoys a casual 
afternoon stroll with his stylish and lookalike son Lennon, 19.

Is this proof Jonny Depp DIDN'T hit Amber Heard? New questions 
over actress's injuries and evidence from key witnesses revealed 
in court papers for $50million lawsuit .

Kylie Jenner's ex-BFF Jordyn Woods LIKES self-made billionaire's 
racy Instagram snap... amid reports they 'have barely spoken in 
weeks'.

Baptiste star Tom Hollander and his former fiancee are spotted 
arm in arm after breaking up nearly a decade ago .

Inside Samia Longchambon's luxury home: Coronation Street star's 
lavish abode features a plush games room and elegant garden for 
daily yoga practice.

Kylie Jenner and Jordyn Woods reunited? Fans go wild after 
picture emerges of star having brunch with a woman who looks like 
former BFF.

Holly Willoughby fans accuse her of being 'DRUNK' in hilarious 
One Show chat... as her dress is stapled back together after 
wardrobe malfunction.

Khloe Kardashian sweetly kisses True while playboy Tristan 
Thompson parties poolside with bevy of women after break-up 
scandal .

Liam Payne reveals he was robbed at KNIFEPOINT aged 12 and admits 
he's 'lucky' to be alive after the incident.

Victoria's Secret Angel Elsa Hosk glistens with sweat as she 
poses nude for new set of photos.

Kylie Jenner raves about daughter Stormi as she celebrates 
International Women's Day with cuddly kissing snap.

Love Island's Gabby Allen showcases her peachy derriere in TWO 
skimpy thong bikinis as she enjoys beach day in Mexico.

Airwolf star Jan-Michael Vincent dies aged 74 after suffering 
cardiac arrest.

Helicopters, hot air... and hypocrisy of Prince Harry: AMANDA 
PLATELL says nothing corrodes the credibility of a Royal faster 
than a 'do as I say, don't do as I do' mentality.

Kim Kardashian and Khloe keep their eyes on the road as they make 
low-key exit from studio in luxury cars.

Gigi Hadid looks casual but camera-ready as she leaves Milk 
studios after a photoshoot in NYC.

Love Island's Chris Hughes' 'family home is targeted by burglars 
who stole two shotguns and a large amount of cash while he was 
sleeping'.

Michael Jackson FBI files: 'Singer was probed over allegations he 
sexually abused two boys in the mid-80s - but investigation was 
dropped because singer was to get an honor from Ronald Reagan'.

Repair starts on Anthony Hopkins' $5m Malibu mansion that is just 
feet away from falling off a CLIFF after torrential downpours 
caused precipice to erode.

Hailey Baldwin looks every inch the fashion model as she braves 
chilly New York in two chic winter coats .

Masked burglar takes a selfie outside football manager Brendan 
Rodgers's home on the night it was ransacked .

Robbie Williams ensured victory for Ayda's team. Rylan and Sam 
Allardyce weren't so charitable to one another on Celebrity 
Apprentice by JIM SHELLEY.

Hailey Baldwin looks every inch the fashion model in turtleneck 
sweater and chic Off-White trench coat as she braves the chilly 
New York weather.

Oti Mabuse sizzles in scarlet gown as she makes her The One Show 
hosting debut... after revealing she has been approached to 
replace pregnant Alex Jones .

Mark Ronson confirms romance with 'nice girl' Rebecca Schwartz as 
he admits he can't listen to music during SEX.

Celebrity Apprentice fans joke that the receptionist should be 
FIRED after they spot her watching CAT VIDEOS during tense 
boardroom scenes .

Louis Tomlinson reveals his friendship with Zayn Malik 'never got 
better' after singer 'didn't show' at his X Factor tribute 
performance to his late mother .

Diana Rigg, 80, reveals she 'suffered a #MeToo moment' in her 
early career by 'powerful' director... as she admits being a 
'lone voice' in equal pay battle.

Kylie Jenner's ex-boyfriend Tyga unveils silky long locks after 
getting a surprise make-over.

TOWIE EXCLUSIVE: Shelby Tribble brands Yazmin Oukhellou a 'b***h' 
and says she's GLAD she's left the show.

Diane von Furstenberg, 72, dishes that she once had a fling with 
Richard Gere, 69: 'It was a f***'.

Andy Cohen beams with pride as he holds onto newborn son 
Benjamin: 'I now run a snuggle factory'.

Fury as Ed Sheeran plans to transform a much-loved Spanish 
restaurant on Portobello Road into a laid back music bar after 
buying it for £1.5million.

Migos rapper Quavo just bought a tiger named 'Cho'... and fans 
are outraged.

Louis Tomlinson admits he doesn't know if he'll return to the X 
Factor judging panel...as he reveals 'it's a no brainer' One 
Direction will get back together.

Doctors told Suranne Jones to pull out of playing the mother of a 
kidnapped girl in stage play Frozen after it left her with 
hallucinations and exhaustion.

Jussie Smollett is facing up to 48 YEARS behind bars after being 
hit with 16 felony count indictment.

'Maybe it is a white saviour thing - but we need the help': 
Family of the five-year-old boy Strictly TV star Stacey Dooley 
posed with in Uganda speak out amid Comic Relief row.

Real Housewives of New Jersey husband Joe Giudice will no longer 
be released from prison next week as a decision over his 
deportation back to Italy hangs in the balance.

Emmerdale SPOILER: Chas Dingle to hide baby secret... after 
emotional announcement to Laurel Thomas at Grace's grave.

Channelling Bonnie and Clyde? Margot Robbie, 28, cuddles up to 
hunky male co-star Finn Cole, 21, in sneak peek photos from her 
new bank robber thriller Dreamland.

Alex Jones is radiant as she displays her blossoming baby bump in 
distressed jeans and heart print jumper while departing BBC 
studios.

Stephanie Davis' ex Charlie Clapham 'is dating Celebrity Big 
Brother star Jess Impiazzi... after her split from rugby star 
husband Denny Solomona'.

Lily-Rose Depp bundles up in leather jacket and a scarf for NYC 
stroll with male companion.

Cardi B set to rock the adults-only Days of Summer Cruise with 
support from Post Malone and DJ Khaled.

Killing Eve Season 2 Trailer: Jodie Comer's Villanelle screams at 
a social media influencer and dresses up like a PIG... as Eve 
insists she has 'no feelings' for the psychopathic assassin.

Bradley Cooper goes casual cool in ripped jeans and a backwards 
cap while out and about in LA.

Snide impressions and hateful anecdotes... what the Queen Mother 
and Wallis Simpson told  MICHAEL THORNTON about each other.

Taylor Swift's stalker says he 'doesn't regret' breaking into her 
Manhattan apartment for the third time and claims 'I don't want 
to hurt her'.

Emmerdale SPOILER: Lisa Dingle to be KILLED OFF after 23 years on 
the soap as fans learn she has a terminal heart condition     .

Hugh Grant looks focused as he takes a phone call in NYC while 
filming gritty scenes for new TV series The Undoing.

Sarah Boulazeris sparks rumours of a secret wedding to model 
boyfriend Kris Smith after receiving flowers addressed to 'Sarah 
Smith'.

Bam Margera shoves manager during meltdown before cancelling 
comedy gig and posts aggressive video messages to his wife... a 
month after leaving rehab early.

The Bold and the Beautiful's Jacqueline MacInnes Wood welcomes 
son Rise with husband .

Katie Price is SLAMMED for using her children to promote low fat 
syrups as fans  claim they're 'full of rubbish'.

Vicky Pattison showcases her incredible bikini body in vibrant 
neon two piece for sizzling social media snap .

Luke Perry's daughter Sophie shares throwback photos in sweet 
tribute to her mom: 'I could not get through this absolute s*** 
situation without you'.

Lisa Vanderpump retweets post calling for firing of RHOBH 
castmates... and Kyle Richards takes notice.

Kris Jenner admits there's been 'a lot going on' in the 
Kardashian family amid Jordyn Woods cheating scandal... as she 
praises her daughters for their 'work ethic'.

Gigi Hadid keeps it cozy in long puffer jacket and Ugg slippers 
in between takes of Maybelline shoot in New York.

Nene Leakes unfollows all but TWO Real Housewives Of Atlanta 
cast-mates on Instagram after taping explosive reunion.

TOWIE's Shelby Tribble 'ended up in bed' with fellow castmate Sam 
Mucklow...before star's explosive rant declaring 'I always 
attract the wrongun'.

Celebrity Apprentice viewers are left confused after they spot 
Ayda Field using one number to call EVERY member of Take That.

Jesy Nelson reveals her ample cleavage and taut midriff in tiny 
bralet... after new beau Chris Hughes said he's the 'happiest 
he's ever been'.

Michelle Keegan pays a touching tribute to mum Jacqueline and 
'the strong women in her life' as she marks International Women's 
Day.

RHONY's Sonja Morgan gives tour of her petite pink Columbus 
Circle apartment with daughter Quincy.

Love Island's Jess Shears flaunts her peachy posterior in  thong 
bikini... as Dom Lever pays tribute for International Women's Day.

Kim Kardashian allows Chicago to walk in high heels before 
gifting her a $15K mini Hermes purse... after Khloe was slammed 
for something similar.

Idris Elba, 46, begs 'stupid' thugs to stop stabbing each other 
over 'beef' as he takes aim at Britain's knife crime epidemic in  
Instagram video.

EXCLUSIVE: Project Runway host Karlie Kloss tells DailyMailTV she 
has 'a lot to share' with the next generation of designers ... as 
hit show returns to Bravo.

Demi Lovato looks in great spirits as she is spotted out for 
FIRST TIME since breaking up with designer beau Henri Levy.

Ariana Grande says she's 'empowered' and 'not asking for it' in 
bold video released on International Women's Day.

Myleene Klass reveals her growing baby bump in flowing floral 
maxi dress as she heads to work at the radio station  .

Rosie Huntington-Whiteley wows in tailored jacket and leather 
leggings as she is joined by Behati Prinsloo and Stella Maxwell 
for 7 For All Mankind launch.

Lauren Goodger leaves swanky club with ex Joey Morrisson's 
lookalike relative... following raucous night with the jailbird, 
his family and their pals .

Lupita Nyong'o reveals she still has Jared Leto 'on speed dial' 
after 'intimacy grew' between them... as she discusses being 
protected by Hollywood stars at career start.

'Will cherish these moments': Kate Upton shares new breastfeeding 
snap in honor of International Women's Day.

Lindsey Vonn shows plenty of skin in behind-the-scenes images 
from her Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue shoot.

Behati Prinsloo reveals she hopes to have more children with 
husband Adam Levine: 'I always wanted a big family'.

Chris Pratt shows off athletic prowess as he runs to gym in LA... 
after admitting he has 'barely' helped Katherine Schwarzenegger 
plan wedding.

Grownish star Yara Shahidi is honored with her own Barbie doll on 
International Women's Day.

Emily Ratajkowski is seen in a puffy jacket as she runs errands 
in NYC... after telling Kendall Jenner her mother inspired her to 
be a feminist.

Plus-size model Tess Holliday reveals she drives for TWO HOURS to 
workout with her trainer, while hitting back at critics who claim 
she's unhealthy .

Vogue Williams goes make-up free as she spends three hours at 
hair salon before unveiling new platinum locks .

Jessica Biel films scenes in Vancouver for new Facebook Watch 
thriller Limetown about the mysterious disappearance of 300 
people.

Ex On The Beach star Kayleigh Morris flashes her braless assets 
in tiny crop-top as she enjoys a night on the town in London.

Love Island's Hayley Hughes shows off her toned figure in fitted 
jeans and low-cut top while flaunting her bare-faced beauty 
during lunch outing.

Lindsey Vonn reflects on her retirement from skiing at 34 
following surgery: 'I haven't quite accepted it'.

EXCLUSIVE: These are the iron-clad NDA contracts Michael Jackson 
used to keep his employees from divulging  details of his 
intimacy with young boys .

Kenya Moore tries to get daughter Brooklyn to say her first word 
in video of adorable four-month-old tot.

Jenna Dewan is a bombshell in blue with gleaming coat and 
sky-high stilettos .

EXCLUSIVE: Queen movie says our brother Paul tried to seduce 
Freddie Mercury and stop him playing Live Aid - but it is ALL 
untrue says family of band's manager.

Love Island's Laura Anderson flaunts her abs in a cropped hoodie 
as she cuddles her sleeping Pomeranian puppy on walk.

Christie Brinkley, 65, shows she's still got it as she twirls and 
sings her way through first rehearsal for her upcoming Chicago 
tour .

Elle Fanning reveals she sought out role in Teen Spirit so she 
could sing in a movie: 'I always had this dream of being a pop 
star'.

Serena Williams pens inspiring essay for International Women's 
Day: 'We have to show ourselves and our female counterparts 
compassion'.

Ryan Reynolds shares adorable throwback photo from his hometown 
newspaper with a hilarious caption.

How does one work these things? Prince Charles gets to grips with 
an Apple computer during visit to a college in Reading.

Daniel Craig gears up for Bond 25 as preparations for filming get 
underway in Italian city ahead of 2020 release.

Whoopi Goldberg reveals she almost DIED in past month when she 
went septic while battling pneumonia in both lungs.

Hilary Duff looks happy as she gets a visit from her baby 
daughter Banks on the NYC set of her TV show Younger.

EXCLUSIVE: Young Sheldon actress Ava Cantrell reveals she was 
assaulted by a man in Hollywood who grabbed her by the neck and 
refused to let go .

Kimberly Guilfoyle celebrates her 50th birthday with the 'people 
she loves' including boyfriend Donald Trump Jr, and Eric and Lara 
.

Disney boss says Jimmy Kimmel and Joy Behar in blackface a 
'private matter' which he has dealt with.

Barron Trump, 12, enjoys a day off school as he joins Melania and 
a  Donald on trip to tornado-struck Alabama, before the trio 
heads off to sunny Mar-a-Lago.

Countess of Wessex vows to dedicate herself to supporting victims 
of sexual violence in conflict at her second International 
Women's Day event - after opening the London Stock Exchange.

Jordyn Woods returns to Instagram with talk of God and feminist 
heroes, including mother Elizabeth.

Matthew McConaughey looks dapper in glasses and a newsboy cap at 
Fast Company's SXSW grill gathering.

Bethenny Frankel complains about being diagnosed with 'leaky gut 
syndrome' plus a wheat allergy.

headlines.

Meghan loses her THIRD key Palace aide in just a few months as 
Duchess's right-hand woman Amy Pickerill quits and will leave 
later this month .

Pink shows no mercy as she FIRES BACK at 'confused fan' for 
trolling her sweet family Instagram snap.

TOWIE EXC: Shelby Tribble reveals ex Pete Wicks has apologised 
six months after 'nasty break-up'... amid claims she 'ended up in 
bed' with Sam Mucklow .

Billie Faiers wows in bridal-inspired bikini before going 
snorkelling during RAUCOUS Maldives wedding festivities... amid 
claims her nuptials 'turned paradise into Southend'.

'Selfie queen' Karen Danczuk, 35, 'charges £150 for wet T-shirt 
pictures on pay-per-view website used by porn stars and sex 
workers'.

Priyanka Chopra exudes glamour in a stunning ice blue sari as she 
joins husband Nick Jonas for billionaire heir Akash Ambani's 
wedding in Mumbai.

Cheryl RULES OUT Strictly... despite her Greatest Dancer co-judge 
Oti Mabuse insisting the show would 'bring out another side' to 
the star.

Jesy Nelson flaunts her taut abs in a tiny bralet as she enjoys 
night out with new beau Chris Hughes after he admits he's the 
'happiest he's ever been'.

Kate Wright proves a far cry from her usual glamour as she wears 
glasses and a simple black top in barely recognisable throwback 
snap.

Gemma Collins expresses desire to move to LA so 'cameras can 
always follow her'... as she hints at exciting music project in 
cosy snap with producer Naughty Boy.

Katie Price and Kris Boyson fly business as they jet off on 
another tropical holiday... amid claims 'she could be forced to 
sell mansion after £2.1m debt'.

TOWIE veteran Chloe Sims, 36, wows in silver mini as she joins 
newbie Chloe Ross, 26, on Thailand night out... amid claims cast 
are 'FURIOUS at bosses for new young signings'.

Olivia Culpo displays her envy-inducing abs in 'Girl Power' crop 
top with edgy ripped jeans as she steps out for dinner in 
Hollywood.

Gwyneth Paltrow shares lovely snap with her mother-in-law and ex 
Chris Martin's mum as she celebrates International Women's Day.

Georgia Toffolo cuts a glamorous figure in frothy tiered dress as 
she hits the town for Soho night out .

Jordyn Woods returns to social media for FIRST time since falling 
out with Kardashian-Jenners over cheating scandal.

Princess Eugenie cuts an elegant figure in chic trench while 
rocking a fashion-forward thick brow as she enjoys a Mayfair 
night out .

Ashley Graham proves her bombshell status as she models her own 
lingerie line in makeup-free photo.

Kylie Jenner fans go wild after picture emerges of star having 
brunch with a Jordyn Woods look-a-like... who turns out to be 
close pal Heather Sanders.

'Human Ken Doll' Rodrigo Alves flaunts his surgically-enhanced 
figure in a velvet blazer as he heads out in Istanbul... after 
being left 'in tears' following chin implant rupture.

Got to be certain! Kylie Minogue, 50, performs a sound check 
before her Golden Tour concert at Sir James Mitchell Park in 
Perth.

Jennifer Lopez shows off her 'beach bum' during tropical getaway 
with Alex Rodriguez.

Nicki Minaj shows off her famous curves in a skintight designer 
jumpsuit as she steps out with jailbird beau Kenneth Petty in 
Paris.

Red hot! Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik works up a sweat 
as she cosies up to husband DJ Ruckus in a trendy infrared sauna .

R. Kelly DENIES that being sexually abused as a child had any 
lasting affect on him during his explosive interview with Gayle 
King .

Hospital gown worn by Kurt Cobain at last British Nivarna gig 
before rock star shot himself goes on sale for £40,000.

Heidi Klum dons bizarre pink feathered hoodie for Christian Cowan 
x The Powerpuff Girls runway show.

Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik comes under attack for her 
risqué nude to celebrate International Women's Day... with fans 
claiming it is 'too sexual'.

'I don't really like to go back!' Iggy Azalea claims she would 
'never be able to live in Australia' again... after famously 
declaring she has 'no connection to her home country'.

Kat Graham dons pink monokini while splashing in the surf during 
Playa del Carmen vacation.

Arnold Schwarzenegger takes break from hectic schedule to enjoy 
quality time with daughter Christina over relaxing spa session.

Meow! Rebel Wilson dresses up as a pink kitty after friends 
surprise her with a 'catersize' workout for her 39th birthday 
celebrations.

'Make me pretty!' A barefaced Iggy Azalea looks unrecognisable 
before undergoing a dramatic makeover from teenage beauty guru 
James Charles.

Busy Philipps brings the flower power to SXSW in ruffled floral 
dress with glossy cowboy boots .

Backstreet Boys' Brian Littrell says *NSYNC supergroup could only 
happen 'if they get Justin back'.

Lupita Nyong'o cuts a fierce figure in striking white cut-out 
suit and a line of red across her face during the premiere of Us 
at SXSW.

Ben Affleck teams up with Charlie Hunnam at Triple Frontier 
premiere in Singapore... after reigniting relationship with 
Lindsay Shookus.

If you've got it! Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière in 
skimpy pyjama bottoms just two months after giving birth to son 
Forest.

Luke Perry's fiancée is pictured for first time since his death 
as it's revealed he may be buried in 'celebrity cemetery' where 
Carrie Fisher and Paul Walker are laid to rest.

Elisabeth Moss shows edgy side as she sports black leather jacket 
over beige midi dress at screening of Us at SXSW.

Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez are engaged! Power couple show 
off MASSIVE diamond engagement ring after proposal during beach 
getaway.

PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Jenna Coleman displays caution when she steps 
from a bathing machine in the next series of ITV drama Victoria .

Megan Barton Hanson EXCLUSIVE: 'Gutted' star is 'not surprised' 
over claims Wes Nelson and Vanessa Bauer 'DID have a fling in 
early stages of DOI'.

The Last Leg's Alex Brooker 'trying to save his marriage amid 
claims he had an affair with beautician he met while filming the 
Channel 4 series'.

Kim Kardashian looks sensational as she showcases her curves in a 
low-cut white dress as she shares throwbacks from her Montreal 
trip.

Lily Allen claims the police tried to use knowledge of her 
relationship with MC Meridian Dan to 'get rid' of her stalker 
case against Alex Gray.

Naomi Campbell, 48, and Liam Payne, 25, attend the SAME Formula E 
party together in Hong Kong amid romance rumours  .

Ashley Banjo shares a sweet picture of his newborn baby Rose 
wearing his baseball hat as he jokes she's the newest member of 
Diversity .

Tom Hardy looks unrecognisable as he strikes an ominous pose to 
embody his role as gangster Al Capone in behind-the-scenes images 
of Fonzo.

Sandi Toksvig SLAMS Olivia Colman's film The Favourite and 
reveals the portrayal of lesbian couples made her 'really mad'.

Bodyguard star Richard Madden is 'thinking of moving to the 
United States to try out his luck in Hollywood as his career 
continues to grow'.

Simon Cowell's son Eric enjoys lavish fifth birthday party with 
mum Lauren Silverman, the music mogul's ex Terri Seymour and her 
daughter Coco .

DJs David Guetta and Cedric Gervais have a PDA-filled beach day 
with their stunning bikini-clad girlfriends in Miami .

Kourtney Kardashian shares touching childhood photos of herself 
and Kim Kardashian: 'Best friends forever'.

Four Weddings And A Funeral is morally bankrupt - and Hugh Grant 
plays a 'callous little s***', said film chiefs (before film went 
on to make £190million).

Storm in an 'expresso' cup! Mary Berry faces criticism for her 
poor pronunciation of Italian culinary terms .

The Inbetweeners' Joe Thomas appears VERY worse-for-wear as he 
slumps against a wall during boozy date night with bleary-eyed 
co-star fiancée Hannah Tointon.

Luke Perry's fiancee Wendy Madison Bauer breaks her silence after 
his sudden death.

Harry Redknapp breaks down while discussing love for wife Sandra 
in emotional moment on Jonathan Ross show.

Esther Rantzen reveals her mother forced her to socialise with a 
creepy 'uncle' who molested her as a little girl.

Queen fells beloved Windsor Castle oak trees to rebuild a ship 
fit for a Saxon king: Royal boost for £100,000 project .

Tamara Ecclestone puts on a stylish display in a tiger-print 
dress for a lavish dinner with husband Jay Rutland.

England footballer Adam Johnson's ex-girlfriend Stacey Flounders 
reveals he went 'white with fear' when police arrived at his home 
.

Paris Jackson shirks her late father Michael's controversy as she 
smokes a bong in brazen clip... after insisting he had a 'good 
heart' amid Leaving Neverland abuse claims.

Ant McPartlin PIC EXC: TV star locks lips with Anne-Marie Corbett 
before playing doting uncle to Dec's daughter during low-key 
stroll... as he enjoys custody of beloved pup Hurley.

George Foreman's boxer daughter Freeda is found dead at 42 in 
Houston-area home.

TALK OF THE TOWN: After Led Zeppelin legend's planning battle 
with neighbour Robbie Williams... now Jimmy Page declares war on 
the man from the Pru.

TALK OF THE TOWN: Duchess of Sussex's former personal assistant 
lands a new job with the clan which owns Cliveden.

Call The Midwife's Judy Parfitt reveals heartbreak of nursing her 
husband with dementia... but admits thinking of his suffering 
would make her 'top herself'.

Imogen Thomas dazzles in plunging printed blouse and white mini 
skirt as she enjoys night out in London.

Jennifer Garner picks up a bagel and coffee as ex husband Ben 
Affleck rekindles Lindsay Shookus romance.

Susanna Reid puts on a stoic display as she watches boyfriend 
Steve Parish's team Crystal Palace lose to Brighton & Hove Albion.

The Voice UK: Jennifer Hudson breaks down in tears as she 
eliminates one of her acts from the competition.

Megan Barton Hanson fires back at trolls by wearing a 'f**k 
haters' hair clip... as ex Wes Nelson claims 'it's pretty clear' 
he WON'T reunite with her.

Helena Christensen, 50, looks sensational as she shares a VERY 
busty Instagram selfie in a tiny plunging black top .

Mamma Mia! Pictures that show Comic Relief spoof featuring Gemma 
Arterton, Susan Calman and Rose Johnson is Abbasolutely spot-on .

Katherine Schwarzenegger puts a fun twist on a classic suit while 
stepping out for the premiere of Superpower Dogs.

Coronation Street's Lucy Fallon exudes elegance in navy pinafore 
dress as she enjoys girls night out in Manchester .

Lady Victoria Hervey, 42, bares all as she puts on an eye-popping 
display and goes braless in a VERY risqué sheer nude coloured 
catsuit.

Michael Jackson's sales drop in the U.S after Leaving Neverland 
documentary... as singer's albums moves UP the UK chart.

Michael Jackson supporters send his albums soaring in the UK 
charts after watching documentary despite furore over child abuse 
claims.

Vicky Pattison pays tribute to her late best friend Paul Burns as 
she honours his birthday with a touching post     .

Sir Cliff Richard joins battle for a law change after suffering 
'years of hell' over false accusations of sex abuse .

Diane Kruger, 42, looks every inch the doting mum as she smiles 
at her four-month-old daughter and takes the infant for a stroll 
with female pal.

TOWIE's Chloe Meadows showcases her envy-inducing figure in a 
plunging polka dot bikini as she basks by the pool with Courtney 
Green in Thailand.

Jennie Garth slams social media trolls who called her out for not 
mourning 90210 castmate Luke Perry's death online.

Khloe Kardashian puts her sunglasses on her baby daughter True 
after splitting from cheating baby daddy Tristan Thompson.

Khloe Kardashian warns fans 'your perception of me is a 
reflection of you' as she posts glam selfie after Tristan 
Thompson break-up.

Kylie Jenner hugs dad Caitlyn and her companion Sophia Hutchins 
amid a turbulent few weeks for the newly-minted billionaire.

Lupita Nyong'o looks sensational in a multi-patterned dress while 
attending the premiere of Little Monsters at SXSW.

Rod Stewart, 74, cuts a dapper figure in a black suit and Celtic 
tie pin as he cheers on his beloved team in Glasgow.

Catherine Tyldesley exudes elegance in animal-print dress and 
leather jacket as she goes furniture shopping with husband Tom 
Pitfield.

Wes Nelson is forced to seek medical help as he 'pops a bone' out 
of his wrist during Dancing On Ice rehearsals just ONE day before 
the final .

Celebs Go Dating EXCLUSIVE: Chelsee Healey reveals she has 
'feelings' as she secures second date...after previously 
threatening to quit show.

Emma Bunton shows off her candyfloss coloured tresses as she is 
mobbed by delighted Spice Girls fans at BBC Radio 2.

Jorgie Porter puts on a busty display in bodycon floral dress as 
she arrives at glittering charity ball in Manchester .

Ciara wear her swimsuit as she cuddles little Sienna during yacht 
trip with Russell Wilson and her son Future.

Michael Jackson's infamous Neverland Ranch reduced by $70m to 
$31m... as retreat features in HBO documentary.

Duchess of Sussex is 'very sad' as her most trusted aide Amy 
Pickerill becomes the fourth member of her team to quit in five 
months .

Emmerdale's Danny Miller shares concerning tweet over 'a person 
threatening another person in a car whilst driving with a metal 
bat'.

Sophie Turner looks chic in yellow and black mini dress as she 
takes a selfie with fiancé Joe Jonas at NBA game in NYC.

Amber Heard is corporate chic in a fiery orange while Padma 
Lakshmi is a bombshell in blue at SXSW.

Ed Sheeran's wildlife pond is just a posh swimming pool, say 
furious locals... so are the 'changing room' and 'diving board' 
for the newts or tadpoles?.

Cara Delevingne oozes style in aviator jacket and shades as she 
cradles an adorable pooch at Superpower Dogs film premiere in Los 
Angeles .

Caitlyn Jenner, 69, and gal pal Sophia Hutchins, 22, mingle with 
Olympian Adam Rippon at tennis open in California  .

Priyanka Chopra exudes glamour in a stunning ice blue lace sari 
as she joins her family for billionaire heir Akash Ambani's 
wedding in Mumbai.

Jennifer Lawrence looks chic in a cream coat and denim jeans as 
she goes apartment hunting in New York after celebrating her 
engagement.

Myleene Klass displays her blossoming baby bump in navy printed 
dress as she leaves radio studios in London .

Gwyneth Paltrow looks stylish as she keeps warm in a grey trench 
coat after leaving a Goop event in snowy New York City.

Andy Cohen enjoys a 'great date' with BFF Sarah Jessica Parker as 
he takes a break from daddy duty.

Love Island's Laura Anderson shows off her toned pins in 
periwinkle dress as she bring her adorable pet pooch to 
star-studded day three of Crufts.

Laura Whitmore reveals her toned legs in chic pinstripe shirt 
dress and ankle boots as she attends glitzy beauty festival.

David Bowie, Elton John and The Rolling Stones among iconic Terry 
O'Neill images shown in a new exhibition of his legendary career.

Khloe Kardashian cuts a casual figure as she heads to a laser 
clinic in LA as her ex Tristan Thompson is seen in Miami after 
split .

Teresa Giudice breaks down as she sips wine after ditching 
wedding ring... as Joe's prison release is cancelled ahead of 
deportation ruling.

Hailey Baldwin oozes Manhattan chic in head-to-toe black ensemble 
as she makes a solo coffee trip in snowy NYC .

TALK OF THE TOWN: Meet Gwyneth Paltrow's very modern family... as 
she poses with TWO mothers-in-law for International Women's Day.

EastEnders' new £87 MILLION set begins to take shape allowing the 
soap to be filmed in high definition for the first time.

'I try to be fun all the time!' Ricky Gervais, 57, says unlike 
his latest character he's doesn't suffer from depression and sees 
life as 'exciting and finite'.

Jussie Smollett's attorney says the 16 count indictment is 
'overkill' and 'vindictive' and claims the Empire star is a 
victim of 'media lynching' .

Natalie Portman cuts a casual figure as she enjoys a 
tasty-looking burrito and enjoys a casual lunch with a male pal.

Brie Larson's Captain Marvel powers to $155m as it debuts at U.S. 
box office.

Eva Longoria worries her baby Santiago is 'growing too fast' as 
he starts standing at nine-months-old.

Chrissy Teigen rocks a turban as she poses with John Legend at 
screening of Jordan Peele's hot new horror Us.

Roxanne Pallett looks in high spirits as she frolics in Greece... 
after revealing the impact CBB punch-gate has had on her health.

Gemma Collins SLAMMED by viewers as 'rude' TOWIE star 
'interrupts' Naomi Campbell and sits with her BACK to guests on 
Jonathan Ross .

Chloe Sims' sister Demi flashes plenty of underboob in a VERY 
revealing black swimsuit as she joins sibling and bikini-clad 
cast filming in Thailand.

Megan Barton Hanson 'furiously calls 'sly' ex Wes Nelson a 
'scumbag' for sexting Amber Davies'.... as he says split got him 
to Dancing On Ice final .

Little Mix's Jesy Nelson cosies up to new beau Chris Hughes 
during romantic date night after he admitted he's the 'happiest 
he's ever been'.

The Crown Season Three: First look at Marion Bailey as the Queen 
Mother while Olivia Coleman transforms into monarch .

Victoria Beckham shares sweet childhood snaps as she lauds her 
mother and 'fashion inspiration' Jackie on her birthday.

Sarah Harding 'kicked out of her home after her pets pooed all 
over house causing £17,000 worth of damage'.

Billie Faiers sizzles in a leopard print bikini as she enjoys a 
beach day with daughter Nelly in the Maldives after raucous 
wedding .

Kim Kardashian crowns son Saint West The King Of Hide And Seek as 
she finally finds him face down in ball pit .

TOWIE EXCLUSIVE: Chloe Meadows reveals plans to MARRY her secret 
banker boyfriend George Wales as she gushes she's the happiest 
she's been'.

Calvin Harris lists his sprawling Hollywood Hills mansion for 
$5.75million complete with six bathrooms, an enviable bar area 
and a swimming pool.

TOWIE's Georgia Kousoulou turns up the heat as she displays her 
stunning curves in a tangerine bandeau bikini for filming in 
Thailand.

Khloe Kardashian celebrates best friend Malika's 36th birthday in 
series of throwback snaps with her twin sister Khadijah Haqq 
McCray.

Izabel Goulart leaves nothing to the imagination as she showcases 
her incredible figure in diamante chain bra at Rio Carnival.

Ferne McCann sizzles in skimpy navy bikini as she parties after 
BFF Billie Faiers' raucous Maldives wedding.

TOWIE's Amber Turner and Dan Edgar 'attempted to rekindle their 
romance as they enjoyed a secret Valentine's dinner' just two 
months after split.

What a rock! How Jennifer Lopez's $1m engagement ring from Alex 
Rodriguez compares to her four previous proposal sparklers.

Justin Bieber's launches second House Of Drew collection... as 
fans await delayed deliveries from sold out first clothing range .

Nicki Minaj keeps a low-profile as she heads out in Paris with 
boyfriend Kenneth Petty after cancelling second concert.

Megan McKenna accentuates her figure in PVC trousers and white 
shirt as she makes a VERY bleary-eyed departure from London 
restaurant.

Emma Bunton admits she felt 'angry' at Geri Horner following her 
shock departure from the Spice Girls with 'no words' and 'no 
explanation'.

Lea Michele ties the knot with boyfriend of two years Zandy 
Reich: 'We're so happy to spend the rest of our lives together'.

Liev Schreiber, 51, proves he's young at heart as he plays 
basketball with girlfriend Taylor Neisen, 26 .

Rebekah Vardy cosies up to husband Jamie as they celebrate his 
100th goal for Leicester with romantic dinner.

'My dear, departed friend': Sarah Ferguson posts heartfelt 
Instagram tribute to Diana - as she celebrates the 'strong women' 
in her life.

Lily James looks effortlessly chic in cream trench coat as she 
and boyfriend Matt Smith enjoy a casual stroll with their pet 
pooch.

Tragic Prodigy star Keith Flint 'had a secret relationship with a 
mother-of-three for more than two years before his death' .

Naomi Campbell, 48, catches the eye in quirky denim puffball 
jacket as she and rumoured beau Liam Payne, 25, attend Formula 
E-Prix.

Ashley Benson cuts a casual figure in black coat and biker boots 
as she joins friend for night out in West Hollywood.

Ant McPartlin 'set to move into new £5million London home in the 
summer without girlfriend Anne-Marie Corbett'.

Quite a present! Queen marks Prince Edward's 55th birthday by 
giving her youngest son a new title - the Earl of Forar - to use 
when in Scotland.

Saturday Night Live: Gwyneth Paltrow pokes fun at her Goop 
wellness empire in cameo as a hilariously unprepared employee.

Has Jennifer Lopez finally met Mr. Right? The highs and lows of 
her quest for love, from Ben Affleck to Diddy and boy toy dancers.

Charlize Theron feasts on BBQ with her stylist after promoting 
her new comedy Long Shot at SXSW.

Justin Bieber admits he's been 'struggling a lot'... amid rumors 
of marriage woes with Hailey Baldwin .

Duchess plumps for shorter skirts as she nears the end of her 
pregnancy - but maintains royal modesty with chic high necklines.

April Love Geary posts a steamy nude photo to celebrate fiancé 
Robin Thicke's birthday.

Kylie Minogue dons a retro apricot-toned frock and is handed 
flowers by an eager fan at Perth Airport as she jets out ahead of 
Adelaide concert.

Reese Witherspoon glams it up with a blue sequined dress for an 
evening of disco dancing.

'A film with a bunch of brown faces would not have been made 10 
years ago': Dev Patel on his new film 'embracing' non-white 
actors.

Matthew McConaughey turns The Beach Bum premiere into a family 
affair as he attends show with wife Camila Alves and mother Mary.

Charlize Theron dazzles in colorful mini-dress during SXSW 
premiere of her new comedy Long Shot.

Nicki Minaj smokes a blunt and addresses disappointed fans after 
canceling her second French concert.

Dita Von Teese looks sensational in a polka dot skirt and fitted 
sweater while shopping with boyfriend Adam Rajcevich.

Olivia Wilde is pretty in pink as she poses with the cast of her 
directorial debut Booksmart at SXSW.

Luke Perry's fiancée joins his son and ex-wife for family dinner 
at a LA restaurant hours before she broke her silence following 
the actor's death aged 52 .

Pete Davidso mocks those who question the 20-year age difference 
between him and Kate Beckinsale and makes joke about the Catholic 
Church and R Kelly.

Demi Moore rocks her sweater weather best as she strikes silly 
pose with Elle Macpherson at In goop Health Summit.

Jon Hamm sharpens up in a gray plaid suit as he attends the Good 
Omens premiere at SXSW.

Paris Hilton saunters into LAX wearing a summery flower print 
dress while accompanied by a mystery man.

Brandi Glanville feels vindicated by Real Housewives of Beverly 
Hills cast turning on Lisa Vanderpump over 'Puppy Gate'.

Dance Moms' Abby Lee Miller looks happy and healthy in new 
Instagram snaps as she continues her road to recovery from 
Burkitt lymphoma.

Gwyneth Paltrow keeps warm in a grey trench coat after leaving In 
Goop Health Summit in New York City.

James Jordan WINS Dancing On Ice: Ex-Strictly pro beats Wes 
Nelson and Vanessa Bauer after their raunchy final routine.

Billie Faiers and Greg Shepherd's wedding FIRST LOOK: Bride 
dazzles in plunging gown on 'best day of her life' .

Dancing On Ice FINAL: Viewers BLAST Gemma Collins as she returns 
for one last routine... but KNEELS on the rink and doesn't skate 
AT ALL.

Kanye West carries a sleepy North to church with Kim 
Kardashian... as Paris Jackson joins the worshippers.

Strictly's Katya Jones reveals husband Neil comforted HER after 
kissing Seann Walsh and admits she sees the scandal as a 
'learning process'.

Naomi Campbell, 48, and Liam Payne, 25, are 'all over each other' 
at Formula E Hong Kong E-Prix ...but refuse to be pictured 
together.

Jennifer Lawrence's new fiance Cooke Maroney sweetly kisses her 
head on romantic date night.

Killing Eve writer Phoebe Waller-Bridge says seeing violent 
female characters on our television screens is 'oddly empowering'.

Holly Willoughby leaves Dancing On Ice viewers confused after 
wearing bizarre designer gown featuring random black patches.

Dancing On Ice FINAL: Phillip Schofield makes VERY suggestive 
remark about Wes Nelson and Vanessa Bauer... as pair are 
announced runners-up.

Sam Faiers takes her family on ANOTHER exotic island getaway 
following her sister Billie Faiers' raucous Maldives wedding.

The Crown Season Three: First look at Marion Bailey as the Queen 
Mother while Olivia Colman transforms into monarch .

Danniella Westbrook shares a selfie from her hospital bed after 
having tumours removed from her womb following cancer diagnosis.

Gemma Atkinson posts sweet snap of pet dogs with her blossoming 
baby bump...as she complains of 'being kicked in the uterus'.

Mila Kunis pairs pink sleeveless top with tailored black trousers 
at Wonder Park premiere in LA.

'Have you learned nothing?': Baptiste viewers mock French 
detective's blunder in episode packed with twists and a shocking 
death .

Rotten weather in Midsomer? That's what I call a real crime: 
CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews the weekend's TV .

Chrissy Teigen and baby Miles watch as Luna enjoys the fairground 
rides on trip to the farmer's market.

Meg Ryan and daughter Daisy bundle up to hit the flower market as 
they take a stroll in New York.

Love Island's Montana Brown flaunts her enviable figure in a tiny 
black bikini as she relaxes on the beach.

Les Mis star David Oyewolo wants to be first black James Bond 
saying it would give generation of youngsters 'a superhero to 
identify with'.

Nina Dobrev shows off her legs in hotpants as she promotes her 
new film Run This Town at SXSW.

Kourtney Kardashian gets away from it all with a night at the 
beach with kids Penelope and Reign  .

True Thompson is a true California girl as she plays at the 
beach... as mom Khloe Kardashian tweets about her 'future so 
bright'.

Dancing On Ice: Wes Nelson's wrist bone 'keeps popping out' as 
James Jordan suffers painful shoulder injury... HOURS before 
taking part in the final.

Sheridan Smith is in talks to play former glamour model Sam Fox 
in television drama about her rise to fame.

The one lesson I've learned from life: Davina McCall says 
exercise doesn't have to be a chore.

Kenya Moore shares adorable photo of baby Brooklyn wearing a tiny 
Arsenal jersey as she watches the match with dad Marc Daly.

Jennifer Garner keeps the faith as she wears smart trousers and 
jacket on solo trip to church.

Emily Atack reveals it has taken 'some time' for her to feel 
comfortable in her own skin after she was 'fat-shamed' by online 
trolls.

Chance The Rapper marries longtime girlfriend Kirsten Corley in 
'romantic' Newport Beach ceremony with guests Kim Kardashian and 
Kanye West.

Pudsey would be so proud! Britain's Got Talent winner Ashleigh 
Butler wins at Crufts with her new dog after death of her TV 
co-star.

Gemma Collins and DOI judge Jason Gardiner 'will be kept separate 
during finale' as she UNFOLLOWS her former co-stars for social 
media cleanse.

Starring as Diana: Hairdresser, 26, who works at her mother's 
salon in the Valleys to play the Princess of Wales on stage in 
upcoming West End show .

Candice Swanepoel leaves little to the imagination in cheeky 
bikini bottoms before yoga on the beach in Brazil.

Georgia Toffolo shows off her edgy style in a red print dress 
with black biker boots as she steps out in London.

Top Marvel executive says it's time for a gay superhero amid 
rumors that the franchise will have an LBGTQ lead for its 
upcoming 'Eternals' film.

R Kelly's legal team furiously DENY he is the man caught on a 
newly-discovered VHS tape from the 90s 'sexually abusing young 
African American girls' .

Chloe Khan shows off the results of bum job after replacing her 
'saggy' implants in Turkey.... before marking anniversary with 
secret boyfriend .

Declan Donnelly's wife Ali Astall cuts a casual figure in black 
coat and boots as she goes for afternoon stroll with baby 
daughter Isla .

Leading ladies! Ruby Rose wraps her arm around Batwoman co-star 
Rachel Skarsten as they enjoy a leisurely stroll between filming 
in Vancouver.

Kyle Richards celebrates daughter Portia's 11th birthday in 
extravagant style... as RHOBH star turns her backyard into a 
lavish fairground.

Ian Ziering leads tributes to 'great guy' Jed Allan as his 
Beverly Hills 90210 onscreen father dies aged 84.

Steph & Dom solve your sex, love & life troubles: How can I stop 
my husband letting himself go?.

Father-and-son on BBC2 show Race Across the World get jobs with a 
VERY bad-tempered art dealer in Ankara .

Naomi Campbell, 48, and Liam Payne, 25, were 'all over each 
other' at Formula E Hong Kong E-Prix... but refused to be 
pictured together.

Megan Barton Hanson appears to make subtle dig at Wes Nelson as 
she posts about being 'honest' during Dancing on Ice final.

Emma Bunton nearly 'broke' when she was told she may not be able 
to have children... but says her Strictly Come Dancing training 
'got her pregnant'.

Olivia Wilde is treated to cupcakes as she celebrates 35th 
birthday while promoting new film Booksmart at SXSW.

Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner show off their teamwork skills 
while taking the kids to baseball practice.

Kerry Katona chooses men to date by 'trying to imagine what they 
look like when they're having sex'.

Captain Marvel rocks $153 million in opening weekend at US box 
officeas Brie Larson makes history in lead role.

Jenni 'JWoww' Farley receives belated surprise birthday bash from 
her Jersey Shore castmates.

David Bowie demo of his hit single 'Starman' is up for auction 
after it was left languishing in a loft for almost FIFTY years .

Inside Dancing On Ice's wild wrap party: Brian McFadden serenades 
the crowd with a Westlife classic as winner James Jordan downs a 
bottle of wine.

Khloe Kardashian goes all out and rents a private jet for her BFF 
Malika Haqq's 36th birthday.

Diane Kruger shows bare pregnant belly in throwback snap shared 
by beau Norman Reedus on Instagram.

Dancing On Ice FINAL: Gemma Collins looks furious as Phillip 
Schofield jokes about her being a diva .

Eva Green wows in plunging leather and lace dress as she leads 
the Dumbo cast at Beverly Hills press conference.

Game of Thrones star Maisie Williams reveals secrets of cast's 
WhatsApp group as she speaks at the Glamour Beauty Festival.

Olivia Culpo showcases her toned abs while sporting black bra 
with blazer in sultry Instagram post... as she debates going back 
to long hair.

Alessandra Ambrosio and boyfriend Nicolo Oddi coordinate in 
western wear as they walk hand-in-hand to lunch.

Leonardo DiCaprio keeps it low-key in black hoodie and baseball 
cap  for dinner in Santa Monica.

Jennifer Hudson and Celine Dion lead star-studded Grammy concert 
tribute to Aretha Franklin.

Padma Lakshmi showcases her stunning figure as she kicks back in 
a bikini and a cowboy hat at South By Southwest.

Shark Tank star Robert Herjavec's Hollywood Hills home was 
'broken into by thieves who made off with over $100K in jewels 
and cash'.

Pregnant Meghan dons an £8,000 Erdem ensemble (and four-inch 
heels) for visit to Canada House - while Prince Harry plays the 
protective dad-to-be.

Khloe Kardashian shows off her hourglass curves in a skintight 
fishnet catsuit as she celebrates her best friend's birthday in 
Las Vegas .

Katie Price and Kris Boyson head for a foot massage in Thailand 
amid claims son Harvey, 16, has been 'left at home with her 
hairdresser'.

Helena Christensen poses nude in behind-the-scenes snaps amid 
claims  Victoria Beckham is 'concerned over her friendship with 
husband David'.

 Billie Faiers slips into a bridal white bikini as she jets off 
on honeymoon for some alone time with new husband after Maldives 
beach wedding .

It's baaaaaaaack! We unwrap the retro fashions that are on trend 
again - get hunting for yours....

Emily Ratajkowski EXC: The Fat Jew gives insight into her wedding 
and claims she 'didn't f***ing know husband when they married but 
it's true love'.

Dancing On Ice victor James Jordan claims his Strictly past made 
it harder to win and reveals he had to POP his shoulder back in 
before the final.

Abbey Clancy's daughter places her hand on her blossoming baby 
bump in intimate black and white snap .

Coronation Street FIRST LOOK: Carla Connor breaks down in TEARS 
after factory collapse... but who will survive the disaster?.

Celebs Go Dating EXCLUSIVE: Megan McKenna reveals she wants a man 
with 'sexual chat' as she and David Potts are tasked with finding 
dates .

James Franco's girlfriend Isabel Pakzad, 25, shows off her figure 
in multicoloured bikini as she cuddles up to actor, 40, in Miami 
Beach.

EXCLUSIVE: R Kelly threatens rape accuser in signed legal letter 
that he will have 10 men testify about her sex life, share her 
texts, and detail her STD history.

Dancing On Ice star Vanessa Bauer has the look of love as she 
posts clip with heart eyes filter... as fans beg her and Wes 
Nelson to start dating.

Wes Nelson rules out reconciling with Megan Barton Hanson and 
admits they 'don't speak' anymore... as he gushes over DOI 
partner Vanessa Bauer .

Sam and Billie Faiers' mum Suzanne Wells, 50, displays her 
age-defying figure in an orange bikini as she hits the beach in 
the Maldives.

Malin Andersson's ex Tom Kemp shows there is still love between 
them as he shares sweet tribute after they split following death 
of their newborn.

Gemma Collins and James Argent look worse-for-wear outside 
Dancing On Ice wrap party while Wes Nelson is seen chatting to a 
mystery lady.

Denise Welch reveals she was left in a 'distressed state' after 
experiencing a panic attack onstage... one year after conquering 
her anxiety battle.

Dirty John: The real Terra Newell becomes an Instagram sensation 
following success of Netflix show... sharing PTSD tips, hiking 
snaps and clothing discounts.

Charlotte Church reveals she's cut back on drinking because she 
can't deal with the 'hangxiety, shame and guilt' after boozy 
nights out .

Ferne McCann gave best friend Billie Faiers a 'lovely surprise' 
on her wedding day as she performed Stand By Me during the 
reception.

Phillip Schofield hilariously recreates Torvill and Dean's iconic 
Bolero as he and Holly Willoughby celebrate James Jordan's DOI 
victory on This Morning.

Loose Women clash over whether it's 'empowering' to see violent 
females on screen - with Coleen Nolan insisting it's NEVER 
acceptable.

Prodigy singer Keith Flint was found hanging at his £1.5million 
mansion, inquest hears, as bandmate Liam Howlett thanks fans for 
support.

 Brad Pitt goes under the radar in a flat cap and shades as he 
makes a low-key arrival at Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris .

Orlando Bloom jokes he's 'not sure' he wants to marry Katy Perry 
anymore as they spend cosy night in watching American Idol.

Chance The Rapper has on a tux and Kirsten Corley is stunning in 
a white lace dress as images from their Southern California 
wedding emerge.

Katherine Schwarzenegger clarifies that Chris Pratt has been 
'very involved' in wedding planning... after action man said he 
has 'barely' helped.

Michelle Keegan stuns in leopard print and hot pants as she 
unveils her latest fashion collection - which includes jewellery 
for the first time.

Is CANNABIS OIL really the secret to getting flawless skin? We 
lift the lid on how it works....

 Billie Faiers and Greg Shepherd's wedding FIRST LOOK: Bride 
dazzles as couple marry in the Maldives... and insist their 
guests were 'respectful' throughout.

Holly Willoughby amuses Phillip Schofield by 'chuffing' like a 
tiger... leaving viewers in stitches with VERY rude double 
entendre.

Billie Piper shares intimate skin-to-skin picture with newborn 
daughter Tallulah.

Jessie Wallace recalls how teenage daughter Tallulah, 14, was 
mugged by a gang in north London.

Barbara Windsor's husband says it's 'heartbreaking' to watch her 
be 'stripped of who she was' as he prepares to run London 
Marathon for dementia charity .

Kathy Bates, 70, shows off trim figure after 60lb weight loss and 
recently dyed short black hair at star-studded film premiere.

Jose Canseco claims Alex Rodriguez is CHEATING on new fiancée 
Jennifer Lopez with his ex-wife Jessica - and says he would take 
a polygraph test.

Paris Jackson looks in good spirits as she heads to church after 
defending dad Michael's 'good heart' amid Leaving Neverland abuse 
claims.

Gerard Butler's $11,000 Airstream trailer stolen from parking lot 
ahead of planned restoration project .

Charlize Theron has 'empathy' for Megyn Kelly after playing her 
in Fair And Balanced because her situation was 'complicated'.

'I still beat myself up about it': Football pundit Chris Kamara 
reveals his regret at going to work the night his beloved mother 
died 16 years ago.

Danielle Armstrong showcases her gym-honed physique in a baby 
blue bikini as she continues to soak up the sun on Singapore 
getaway.

Love Island's Zara Holland shares sizzling bikini snap as she 
soaks up the sunshine in Dubai.

Lauren Goodger looks completely unrecognisable in pre-fame 
childhood throwback snap with cute dimples and thick fringe.

TOWIE's Courtney Green sends temperatures soaring as she displays 
her enviable figure in slinky swimwear while filming new series 
in Thailand.

Devon Windsor shows off her ripped abs and peachy posterior as 
she celebrates her birthday in The Bahamas.

Dido's enthusiastic drummer steals the show on Jonathan Ross as 
fans mock him for 'playing like mad' because they can't hear 
drums on backing track.

Snooki shows off her baby bump while in bra top at home: '28 
weeks, messy house and a slow start today - hello world'.

Megan Barton-Hanson reveals trolls said Wes Nelson deserved a 
'natural' beauty like Vanessa Bauer... as fans beg DOI duo to 
start dating.

Dancing On Ice final: Viewers brand James Jordan and wife Ola 
'couple goals' and 'inspirational' as she's brought to tears over 
his victory.

James Argent apologises for calling Gemma Collins 'a fat joke' as 
he says it was like 'pot kettle black' and admits he is 
'childish' .

TOWIE EXCLUSIVE: Bobby Norris was 'too scared to leave the house' 
after being slapped in unprovoked attack which has left him 
feeling 'paranoid'.

Susanna Reid is left STUNNED after Vinnie Jones playfully 'fat 
shames' Piers Morgan on Good Morning Britain.

The Bachelor UK: Alex Marks admits he found it 'very hard' 
connecting with the girls... but claims some of them 'played up 
to the cameras'.

Bachelor In Paradise stars Jade Roper and Tanner Tolbert are 
expecting a baby boy.

Paris Hilton sparks concern after her father Rick begs heiress to 
contact him with Instagram post .

Kourtney Kardashian grabs lunch with her ex Scott Disick, his 
girlfriend Sofia Richie and their kids Mason and Penelope and 
Reign.

Kate Winslet goes make-up free as she is spotted on set of new 
lesbian romance Ammonite in Dorset for the first time.

April Love Geary shows off stunning post-baby curves as she 
celebrates Robin Thicke's birthday... two weeks after welcoming 
their second child.

Isla Fisher turns heads in a pastel pink plaid trouser suit and 
matching heels at Beach Bum premiere at SXSW .

Olivia Wilde gets her groove on as she is treated to a cake and 
sparklers while celebrating her 35th birthday at SXSW.

Miranda Kerr looks fashion forward in semi-sheer ruffled blouse 
and khaki suit for magazine shoot .

Joe Jonas shares sexy throwback pic of Sophie Turner from 
Halloween after public kiss at Knicks game.

Alex Rodriguez decorates bed with roses for fiancee Jennifer 
Lopez... as actress is the 'happiest she has ever been'.

Big Fat Gypsy Weddings star Paddy Doherty, 60, reveals he is 
battling prostate cancer and even considered suicide because of 
the pain .

Gwyneth Paltrow cuts a chic figure in belted navy dress with her 
glasses at SXSW's Vision Council eye health event.

Priyanka Chopra nails business chic in blush pink blazer and 
white ribbed dress as she steps out after filming scenes for The 
Sky Is Pink in Mumbai.

Billie Lourd dazzles in chic black and white dress at the SXSW 
Booksmart premiere.

American Idol: Katy Perry steals the show with impressive 
old-school breakdancing and gospel singing.

Eva Longoria, Gina Rodriguez, Kerry Washington and more meet with 
families seeking asylum at Tijuana border crossing.

Charlize Theron effortlessly stuns at SXSW in floral dress with 
Long Shot co-star Seth Rogen.

Jodie Foster and Elisabeth Moss pose together between their 
Featured Sessions at the SXSW Film Festival.

Ciara flaunts cleavage in black bathing suit while vacationing in 
St. Barts with husband Russell Wilson and kids.

Tyra Banks rocks a stylish snakeskin print scarf as she enjoys a 
day out with son York and a male companion.

Kyle Richards of Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills shares rare 
photo with all four of her daughters as well as husband Mauricio: 
'Dreams come true'.

The Walking Dead: Daryl Dixon seemingly defeats the Whisperers' 
most deadly fighter Beta in combat.

Aquaman star Jason Momoa enjoys the action at World Rugby Sevens 
Series in Vancouver.

Olivia Wilde cuts a chic figure in red dress as she cuddles up to 
fiance Jason Sudeikis at the premiere of Booksmart.

Behati Prinsloo steps out with new pink hair as she enjoys a day 
of high-end shopping with daughter Dusty.

Gabrielle Carteris is spotted out for the first time since the 
death of her Beverly Hills, 90210 co-star Luke Perry.

Kate Hudson rocks patterned leggings and a knitted sweater as she 
and her boyfriend Danny Fujikawa house hunt in LA.

The Hills star Whitney Port dotes on son Sonny during Sunday 
family trip to Farmer's Market in LA.

Olivia Culpo cuts a stylish figure in black and white ensemble 
while arriving to Justin Timberlake's concert.

Emmy Rossum reminisces about her time on the series Shameless 
before her final episode airs.

Jessica Alba shops at Whole Foods with a custom grocery bag 
adorned with her children's names.

Daniel Radcliffe cuts a dirty and dishevelled figure as he gets 
shackled while filming Escape From Pretoria in Adelaide.

Connie Britton dazzles at Wonder Park premiere after series SMILF 
is canceled amid controversy surrounding Frankie Shaw.

Nick Nolte, 78, keeps his look casual as he takes a walk with his 
daughter Sophie, 11.

Starring as Diana: Hairdresser, 26, who works at her mother's 
salon in the Valleys to play the Princess of Wales on stage in 
West End show .

Real Housewives Of Atlanta: Kandi Burruss hosts risque sex 
dungeon party with explicit labels on TV.

 Meghan changes into a Victoria Beckham dress while Kate recycles 
a red Catherine Walker number for Commonwealth Day service.

Kim Kardashian and Kanye West turn up LATE to Chance The Rapper's 
nuptials and are forced to watch vows from sidelines .

PICTURED: Chance the Rapper marries his childhood sweetheart 
Kirsten Corley in lavish nuptials... and daughter Kensli steals 
the show.

From the school run to a night out with the girls: How spring's 
new trends can work for you (and you won't need to break the 
bank!).

Kim Kardashian stops for gas wearing revealing vintage blue satin 
Versace slip dress after attending Chance the Rapper's wedding .

Alyssa Milano receives backlash for calling herself transgender, 
disabled, an immigrant and a person of color.

Caroline Flack flashes her legs in a barely-there miniskirt as 
she swaps London for NYC .

REVEALED: Wes Nelson spends DOI wrap party cosying up to dancer 
Bayley Darling... as he rules out getting back with ex Megan 
Barton Hanson.

Sophie Turner dresses down in colourful sweat pants as she hits 
the shops with fiancé Joe Jonas and her parents in New York.

Claudia Winkleman and Tess Daly arrive at the BBC for Comic 
Relief Dance-a-thon... and reveal they will eat 10k CALORIES over 
the next 24 hours.

Georgia Kousoulou and Demi Sims put on sizzling displays as they 
hit the beach in VERY skimpy swimwear in Thailand as they film 
TOWIE.

Ariana Grande heads to dinner with ex-boyfriend Graham Phillips 
in New York... just days after reuniting with former flame Big 
Sean.

Evan Rachel Wood shares snap of scars from self-inflicted wounds 
as actress reveals she was in an abusive relationship.

Billie Faiers' wedding guests accused of 'ruining elderly 
couple's £12k Maldives trip, leaving dirty nappies on the beach 
and throwing stones at sharks'.

Killing Eve's Jodie Comer says the second series of the 
cat-and-mouse drama 'may not be what viewers think it's going to 
be'.

Sam Faiers shares sultry beach picture with boyfriend Paul 
Knightley as they embark on ANOTHER Maldives break.

Ariana Grande transforms into Wild West saloon singer in Rule The 
World music video with 2 Chainz.

Bohemian Rhapsody 'in talks for a  SEQUEL starting with Live Aid' 
after four wins at Academy Awards .

Gwyneth Paltrow beams at the South By Southwest Film Festival in 
Texas... after admitting she is a 'mess' who has to work on 
herself constantly.

Lady Gaga keeps it comfortable in black leather jacket and 
sweatpants as she goes make-up free on grocery run in LA.

PIERS MORGAN: Hypocrite Harry should take off his fake halo 
before Meghan 'wokes' him into right royal ridicule.

Meghan's £18K designer day! Duchess wows in bespoke Erdem and 
Victoria Beckham outfits for Commonwealth Day events .

Purple reign! Queen and Camilla don coats and hats in matching 
shades of plum as they attend Commonwealth Day service at 
Westminster Abbey.

What DID Charles say to make Meghan laugh? Duchess giggles during 
chat with her father-in-law at Westminster Abbey .

EXCLUSIVE: It's Julia Roberts' eco - and kid - friendly 
wonderland! Aerials of her Malibu compound reveal lush gardens, 
solar panels, and a skate park .

Nicki Minaj hides her face after furious crowd chants 'Cardi B' 
following ANOTHER cancelled show in Paris .

Luke Perry's daughter Sophie spotted out with her mom as family 
grieves the loss of the 52-year-old actor ahead of his funeral.

Kate Winslet is spotted on set of new lesbian romance Ammonite 
with on-screen lover Saoirse Ronan for the first time in Dorset.

Game of Thrones star Esmé Bianco opens up about being a survivor 
of domestic abuse as she reveals she still suffers from night 
terrors.

K-pop star Seungri announces he's retiring from the entertainment 
business amid sex-for-investment allegations and being branded a 
'national traitor'.

Lady in red! Pink-haired Clean Bandit musician Grace Chatto dons 
a daring ruffled dress as she performs at the Commonwealth Day 
Service .

Sofia Richie, 20, fires back at troll who said she should not 
date Kourtney Kardashian's ex Scott Disick, 35: 'Leave me alone 
and face your future'.

Paul Gascoigne opens eBay store to sell signed shirts, 
memorabilia and photos of his biggest moments - including THAT 
tackle by Vinnie Jones.

Kelly Brook showcases her hourglass figure in a black boiler suit 
and neon T-shirt as she heads to work at Global radio studios.

Billie Faiers' husband Greg Shepherd praises new wife for having 
the 'best a***e in the business' as his VERY cheeky wedding 
speech is revealed.

Mark Wright admits Michelle Keegan is 'over the moon' they no 
longer have a long-distance marriage and credits his Hollywood 
success to her.

Terrifying moment Jeremy Kyle is chased by a knife-wielding gang 
member while investigating rise in moped muggings.

Jesy Nelson and Chris Hughes put on a loved-up display as they 
sing along to Busted... as Little Mix singer jokes Love Island 
star has a thing for 'older women'.

Malin Andersson says 'no one understands the pain of losing a 
child' as ex-boyfriend Tom Kemp shares sweet tribute to Love 
Island star.

Ariana Grande thinks it's 'surreal and funny' that she is the 
first artist since Michael Jackson to chart four #1 songs in just 
eight months.

Carrie Underwood's husband Mike Fisher wishes her a happy 36th 
birthday: 'You're an incredible wife and mom!'.

Nikki Bella turns up the heat with DWTS partner Artem Chigvintsev 
as the two are spotted KISSING in public .

Amy Childs wears edgy camouflage trousers as she cuddles up to 
daughter Polly at the star-studded launch of her new stroller.

Love Island's Laura Anderson strips down to sporty grey underwear 
as she poses for sizzling bedroom snap.

All caught up! Khloe Kardashian and Charlize Theron step out in 
fishnet fashions proving the skin-baring trend is not just for 
the beach this season.

Netflix's A Christmas Prince is returning this holiday season for 
a third installment as a baby is introduced.

Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Lisa Vanderpump reveals 
friendship with Kyle Richards 'finished' over Puppy Gate drama.

Brad Pitt admires the Eiffel Tower from his balcony as he goes 
under the radar in a flat cap after arriving in Paris.

Gabby Allen flaunts her incredible bikini body as she shares 
raunchy workout video in skimpy swimwear.

Sienna Miller, 37, shares a kiss with her art gallery owner 
boyfriend Lucas Zwirner, 28, as the couple stroll around New York.

Katie Piper discusses life as a working mother and reveals why 
she's a reluctant 'role model' as she poses for striking new 
shoot for DARE .

Leighton Meester says she no longer cares about 'getting abs' as 
she reveals new passion for surfing and dishes on how she 
balances work and mom life.

Stephanie Pratt shows off her sensational figure in a skimpy 
scarlet bikini as she hits the beach in Hawaii  .

Chumlee is getting married! Pawn Stars favorite throws 
pre-wedding celebration with fiancée Olivia Rademann... after 
losing 100lbs.

Halle Berry hires hunky UFC fighter (who she called her 
'mancrush') to train her as he says: 'we're going to drill her 
hard'.

Katie Price, 40, to face court for the third time this year 
'after yelling "are you enjoying f***ing my husband?" at her ex 
Kieran Hayler's new girlfriend.

Beth Behrs of The Neighborhood dances her way on to Ellen 
DeGeneres' talk show before presenting the host with $10K.

TOWIE's Clelia Theodorou exhibits her envy-inducing figure in a 
pink crochet bikini as she joins BFF Shelby Tribble for boat trip 
in Thailand.

Tamara Ecclestone looks chic in leopard print as she treats 
husband Jay Rutland to lunch on his birthday.

Katherine Kelly admits Coronation Street feels like 'a long time 
ago' as she gears up for new role in heart-stopping drama Cheat .

Beyonce and Jay-Z set to receive top honors as 'passionate 
defenders of human rights' at GLAAD Media Awards.

Shakira looks adoringly at beau Gerard Pique as they take their 
sons Sasha and Milan to basketball game in Spain.

Chrissy Teigen admits 'the hamster got out' just hours after 
Twitter users warned her against buying a new pet for Luna.

Sofia Vergara rocks casual camo jeans and a Louis Vuitton purse 
for a day of retail therapy in Los Angeles.

Roseanne Barr blames Michelle Obama for getting her fired from 
her ABC show after she tweeted racist remarks about Valerie 
Jarrett  .

Jennifer Garner carries a coffee mug as she walks with her 
kids... after complaining that moving her clock forward an hour 
has made her exhausted.

Olivia Wilde models splashy pantsuit and black hat at SXSW 
Festival after the premiere of her directorial debut Booksmart.

Gemma Collins 'is in talks to appear on Celebrity X Factor' 
following her stint on Dancing On Ice.

Camilla swaps her purple Commonwealth Day Service outfit for 
another VERY colourful ensemble as she joins Charles for a 
glittering reception .

Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez's show of unity: Newly engaged 
singer slips into a bikini and flashes HUGE ring amid claims he 
cheated .

Michael Jackson's friend Aaron Carter lets rip at Wade Robson and 
James Safechuck over molestation accusations in Leaving Neverland.

Dancing On Ice winner James Jordan reveals he needs surgery to 
regain the full use of his arm after suffering a painful injury 
ahead of this year's final.

The Crown to cast Princess Diana as a 'desperate and lonely 
self-harmer as bosses advertise for a mesmerising young star to 
play the role'.

Kylie Jenner coordinates outfits with daughter Stormi as she 
takes her to a birthday party.

Kendall Jenner bonds with pet snake as she lets it slither around 
in her hair for Instagram video.

Pregnant Duchess of Sussex ditches her diamond engagement ring 
designed by Prince Harry as she attends Commonwealth Day services.

EastEnders: Neon Jungle singer Jessica Plummer joins soap as the 
Atkins family move to Albert Square .

Kim Kardashian shares video of Chicago, one, playing with pricey 
designer purses and wearing heels.

Celebs Go Dating fans gobsmacked as Jack Fowler asks twins how 
old they each are, Megan McKenna doesn't know what a pylon is and 
David Potts thinks Chile is in CHINA.

Michelle Dockery supports Claudia Winkleman and Tess Daly at 
Comic Relief Dance-a-thon as she leads the stars in a late night 
boogie.

Sheridan Smith is transformed into the grieving mother of Stephen 
Port victim Anthony Walgate in first look at harrowing drama The 
Barking Murders.

Kourtney Kardashian poses in a bathtub next to daughter Penelope 
for images plugging her mystery business venture Poosh.

Nikki Bella looks sporty in leggings while leaving the gym after 
spending the weekend with new flame Artem Chigvintsev.

Coronation Street SPOILER: Gemma Winter's life hangs in the 
balance after the factory roof COLLAPSES.

Jennifer Garner reveals fans are 'in awe' when they meet her 
'larger than life' ex Ben Affleck as she jokes 'when people see 
me they just want to talk'.

Cardi B goes makeup-free in navy sweats as she steps out in New 
York after tropical getaway with Offset.

Kerry Katona appalls E4 viewers as she flaunts around Celebs Go 
Dating mixer ordering men to take off their shirts and asking: 
'How big's your c**k?'.

Karlie Kloss goes bra-free in plunging black blazer then slips 
into a tight dress as she does press for Project Runway in NYC.

Jason Priestley looks downcast after having lunch with a friend 
at Chateau Marmont one week after Luke Perry's death.

Penélope Cruz is the picture of elegance as she attends the Union 
de Actores awards in Madrid.

Kylie Jenner shows off her impossibly slender waist wearing a 
crop top and sweat pants for mirrored kitchen selfie.

A real cat-and-mouse thriller... but it's a pity about the puss: 
CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV .

Love Island's Amber Davies looks irritable as she leaves London's 
Savoy Theatre in a hoodie after another night on stage for 9 To 
5: The Musical.

Coronation Street SPOILER: Kate Connor set for wedding day drama 
as wife-to-be Rana gets cold feet... amid claims she will be 
KILLED OFF.

David Walliams admits he has 'never actually seen' a single 
episode of Britain's Got Talent as his mother bans him from 
watching anything on ITV.

Jacob Tremblay,12, swears, commits crimes, and watches 
pornography with pals in VERY raunchy red band trailer for Good 
Boys.

'Let me fix your wig': Ciara's husband Russell Wilson sweetly 
offers his help after she zooms down water slide into the sea .

Michael Jackson's niece Brandi - who previously dated Leaving 
Neverland accuser says claims her uncle was a pedophile are 
'ridiculous'.

Conor McGregor is arrested in Miami for 'smashing a fan's phone 
out of their hand and stomping on it for trying to take pictures 
of him' outside a trendy hotel .

Ellie Goulding slips into a casual grey turtleneck as she arrives 
at TV studios ahead of The Late Show with Stephen Colbert 
appearance.

Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is super chic in a low-cut blazer as 
she slips into striped co-ords for coffee run.

Alex Jones covers up her blossoming baby bump in a stylish grey 
dress and bright green coat as she leaves BBC studios after The 
One Show.

Tanked star Heather King files for divorce from Wayde King as 
mugshot from her domestic violence arrest surfaces.

Bradley Cooper is seen with Sarah Michelle Gellar's husband 
Freddie Prinze Jr amid speculation they are collaborating on a 
project.

Selena Gomez plugs Friends Keep Secrets record label as she 
prepares first album since ex Justin Bieber wed Hailey Baldwin.

Lauren Bush Lauren attends Gwyneth Paltrow's $1,000-a-ticket Goop 
summit, revealing she tried B-12 shots, and enjoyed 'delicious 
healthy food'.

SECRETS OF AN A-LIST BODY: This week, how to get a torso like 
Hollywood actor Hugh Jackman.

Hunted's controversial finale receives more then 170 Ofcom 
complaints... after viewers branded the show a FIX.

Thandie Newton stuns in a red velvet dress as she proudly poses 
with daughter Nico, 14, at the premiere of teen's debut movie 
Dumbo.

Zara McDermott sizzles in a daring lilac bikini throwback snap as 
she vows to love herself again after Adam Collard split.

Tamara Ecclestone and husband Jay Rutland leave swanky London 
eatery after enjoying SECOND flashy meal out to mark his 38th 
birthday.

Gemma Collins 'plans to record a new single with Beyoncé's 
producer Naughty Boy next month as she tries to crack America'.

SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Food writer Deliciously Ella reveals her 
first child with Matthew Mills will be a girl.

Nicole Richie shares throwback photo of herself with husband Joel 
Madden in honor of his 40th birthday.

Kaley Cuoco leaves a yoga session in Studio City...as the The Big 
Bang Theory receives a series finale date.

Cat Deeley cuts a casual figure in a red and white striped shirt 
as she enjoys shopping trip in Beverly Hills with husband Patrick 
Kielty.

Stacey Solomon reveals she once FORGOT she had a child when she 
left newborn son Zach, now 10, in a supermarket.

SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Football ace Sol Campbell threatens to 
evict restauranteur popular with Pippa Middleton and Tamara 
Ecclestone.

Captain Marvel: Annette Bening's Mar-Vell character originally 
written as male character.

Sarah Jessica Parker rides a CitiBike while filming Season 3 of 
HBO's Divorce in New York City.

Gwyneth Paltrow reveals at SXSW that Jeff Bezos left her hanging 
in email conversation.

Chris Pratt gets patriotic as he dons American flag sweatshirt 
while on run in Los Angeles.

Black Burberry model hits out at hairstylists who don't know how 
to work with afro hair, as she reveals she was 'IGNORED' 
backstage at Paris Fashion Week .

Caroline Flack flashes her tanned legs in a barely-there denim 
miniskirt as she enjoys getaway to New York.

Creators of Peppa Pig admit that their cartoon initially bored 
people before the simple drawing went on to become part of a 
£1billion global empire.

Sadie Frost rocks quirky yellow shorts and workout gear as she 
launches her new yoga range.

Hilary Duff bundles up in her gray jacket while filming Younger 
in New York City.

What a sweet treat! Rebel Wilson gets blindfolded and taken to a 
cake making class by her friends for her 39th birthday .

Duchess of Cambridge dazzles in a recycled Alexander McQueen look 
as she joins Kate Moss for a glittering gala evening at the 
National Portrait Gallery.

Kate Moss looks sensational  as she leads the glamour with 
Jourdan Dunn and Alexa Chung at star-studded The National 
Portrait Gallery Gala.

Tanya Burr announces her split from Jim Chapman following three 
and half years of marriage... as she insists they will 'remain 
friends forever'  .

Felicity Huffman's husband William H Macy talked about 
'stressful' college application process for daughter TWO MONTHS 
before scandal.

Jennifer Lopez shares photos of the moment Alex Rodriguez got 
down on one knee and proposed during Bahamas vacation .

It's the weight-loss sensation that has been selling out across 
the globe - but will it help YOU shape up in a WEEK?These real 
life slimmers reveal how....

Claudia Winkleman declares 'I'm not doing Strictly!' as she and 
Tess Daly COLLAPSE after longest-ever Dance-a-thon... raising 
£782k for Comic Relief.

David Beckham is FURIOUS as James Corden unveils fake statue 
featuring a massive chin, three teeth, and huge bottom in 
hilarious prank.

Tamara Ecclestone EXCLUSIVE: Heiress reflects on the 
'breastfeeding circus' and why she let Fifi decide when to end 
their 'nursing journey'.

Designer Duchess! Kate wows in £790 Gucci blouse as she visits a 
children's centre in London - but teams it with high street 
trousers from Jigsaw.

TRIC Awards: Emily Atack is colourful in candy stripes as Laura 
Whitmore and Megan McKenna suit up to lead TV and radio's finest 
on the red carpet.

William H Macy looks distraught as he arrives at federal building 
where wife Felicity Huffman is held on fraud charges.

Keira Knightley is picture perfect as she shows off her 
sensational style in a leopard print coat and lace silk dress .

Selena Gomez dances on a gigantic bed in silk pajamas for I Can't 
Get Enough music video with Benny Blanco.

Helena Bonham Carter showcases her quirky fashion sense as she 
leads a host of stars supporting Ralph Fiennes at his The White 
Crow premiere.

We're living longer but not saving enough: How prepared are YOU 
for retirement? Try this clever new calculator to find out.

Liam Neeson makes red carpet appearance with his on-off 
girlfriend Freya St Johnston at White Crow premiere... after his 
'black b*****d' rape revenge comments.

Cheryl EXCLUSIVE: Oti Mabuse says she has 'good girl vibes' with 
her The Greatest Dancer co-judge (but she can't persuade her to 
do Strictly!) .

Something in your eye, Meghan? Moment Duchess appeared to fight 
back TEARS during Alfie Boe's rendition of Snow Patrol at 
Westminster Abbey.

Luke Perry 911 call revealed: A woman urged the operator to 
'hurry up and get here' after the massive stroke that claimed his 
life.

Stephanie Pratt says The Hills reboot helped her repair her 
'horrific' relationship with brother Spencer.

Nicki Minaj showcases her famous curves in skin-tight leggings as 
she calls jailbird beau Kenneth Petty 'her husband' during radio 
show in London.

Hilary Duff shares sweet new snap of four-month-old baby Banks 
dressed to impress in a trendy sweater and adorable headband .

Sam and Billie Faiers' mum Suzanne Wells, 50, parades her 
sensational age-defying body in a turquoise bikini during 
Maldives getaway.

Mary Poppins Returns' Emily Blunt and Lin-Manuel Miranda star in 
incredible clip that shows how they filmed music hall scene... as 
director reveals it took A YEAR to animate.

Wonder Woman Gal Gadot sends some love to 'sister' superhero 
Captain Marvel with supportive message to star Brie Larson .

TRIC Awards: Strictly Come Dancing stars are jubilant as they 
lead the winners with Best Reality Programme.

Simon Cowell reveals he's banned from eating red meat, dairy, 
sugar, bread and gluten in new diet as he shows off his 'half a 
stone' weight loss.

EXCLUSIVE: Michael Jackson never loved  Lisa Marie Presley and 
was using her to acquire Elvis' music catalog, King of Pop's 
former maid claims.

Ciara grooves to Bruno Mars while enjoying pancakes with her 
family on a yacht in the Caribbean: 'Today's going to be a Great 
Day!'.

Charlotte McKinney wears matching sports bra and leggings to lead 
charitable yoga event in Beverly Hills.

The Mummy Diaries EXCLUSIVE: Sam Faiers accuses pals of 'f***ing 
her off' in expletive-filled tirade when her PA is made to sleep 
on a sofabed during birthday.

I'm A Celeb bosses 'aren't worried' about a potential ratings dip 
when Ant McPartlin returns... despite Holly Willoughby drawing 
record viewing figures .

Samuel L. Jackson candidly reveals how much longer he expects to 
act... as he remains highest-grossing star of all-time.

Lindsey Vonn dons tiny pink bikini as she flaunts athlete 
physique in behind-the-scenes snaps from Sports Illustrated 
Swimsuit Issue shoot.

Kelly Brook wraps up warm in a faux fur-trimmed puffer jacket and 
leopard print trousers as she heads out of the Global radio 
studios.

How Billie got her boho bridal glow: Make-up artist who created 
Mummy Diaries star's look for her Maldives wedding reveals the 
secrets.

 Camille Kostek shakes her booty in a skimpy bikini while posing 
for Sports Illustrated Swimsuit - after being cruelly body-shamed 
.

Wes Nelson 'BEGS Megan Barton Hanson to take him back as he books 
them luxury holiday'... days after claiming they'll never 
reconcile.

Elizabeth Hurley looks effortlessly elegant in a tweed tailored 
coat and faux-fur collar at the star-studded Cheltenham Festival.

Lesley Joseph reveals Birds Of A Feather could 'hopefully' return 
next year....despite ITV bosses axing the show and admitting it's 
come 'to a natural end' .

Boris Becker, 51, enjoys dinner with model Layla Powell, 31, 
after 'liking' a series of her sexy Instagrams amid the 'final 
stage' of his divorce.

Jussie Smollett struts out of court after judge rules cameras 
WILL be allowed the courtroom for his arraignment in the 'faked' 
homophobic and racist attack case.

Peter Andre is visibly irked as Piers Morgan probes him over 
Katie Price's claims he is a 'selfish hypocrite' for not letting 
her film with their children.

Martha Stewart, 77, admits she uses an app to edit her selfies 
and shares before-and-after shots to show how she 'cleans up' 
photos like a 'great photographer would do' on a shoot .

Actresses Lori Loughlin and Felicity Huffman are among 50 people 
charged in massive college entrance exam cheating scandal.

Game Of Thrones' Emilia Clarke reveals she broke down in tears 
while shooting her last scene as she likens the end of her 
10-year stint to 'the undoing of a bra' .

Britney Spears jukebox musical about fairy tale princesses 
reading The Feminine Mystique may head to Broadway.

EXCLUSIVE: Hey, Mr. Trampoline Man! Bob Dylan, 77, makes sporty 
updates to his Malibu compound - purchased for $105,000 in 1979.

Brooklyn Beckham and girlfriend Hana Cross slip into stylish 
hoodies as they step out hand-in-hand in rainy London.

Captain Marvel paves the way for Monica Rambeau to become the 
first major black female superhero in the Marvel Cinematic 
Universe.

Saoirse Ronan wears Victorian gown to play Mary Anning's lover on 
set of Ammonite... as family  BLAST film-makers for inventing 
same-sex affair.

TV comic Phil Jupitus, 56, is fined £300 over hit-and-run smash 
after hitting parked car then driving off without leaving name .

Stephanie Davis wraps up in a padded jacket as she enjoys 
downtime with beau Owen Warner while taking a break from filming 
Hollyoaks.

James McVey EXCLUSIVE: Vamps star credits fiancée Kirstie 
Brittain with helping him through anorexia as he reveals setback 
in wedding plans.

Storage Wars star Darrell Sheets asks for prayers as he heads 
into surgery for congestive heart failure after suffering a 'mild 
heart attack'.

'Say what you want. I like it': Colton Underwood defends his new 
haircut as fans poke fun at spiky '90s boy band' style.

Married At First Sight 2019 FIRST LOOK: New couples set to tie 
the knot are revealed... but will they break a streak of splits?.

TRIC Awards EXCLUSIVE: Katie Piper looks sensational in 
semi-sheer jumpsuit as she says she's 'feeling positive' after 
surgery in Pakistan.

Penn Badgley wears bloody prosthetic finger while reprising role 
as a menacing stalker for Netflix show You.

TRIC Awards EXCLUSIVE: Emmerdale's Matthew Wolfenden says 
pregnant wife Charley Webb is 'craving crisps' but feels 'good'.

TRIC Awards: Strictly's Karen Clifton dazzles in asymmetric polka 
dot dress as she joins stunning co-stars Oti Mabuse and Kristina 
Rihanoff at event.

Wendy Williams shows off wedding ring as she clutches her 
comforter coat to buy groceries after husband leaves studio 
separately.

TRIC Awards: Love Island's Amber Davies looks chic in low-cut 
blazer dress as she joins leggy Olivia Attwood on the red carpet .

Pictured: Conor McGregor fan, 22, whose iPhone was 'smashed by 
the UFC fighter when he tried to take star's photo outside Miami 
club'.

TRIC Awards: Jess Wright oozes glamour in plunging scarlet gown 
with thigh high split.

Coronation Street's Beth Morgan raises soap fans' eyebrows with 
VERY raunchy nude holiday snap.

Love Island's Georgia Harrison SLAMMED by fans who brand her 
'irresponsible' and 'ignorant' for promoting weight loss sweets.

The groom's 'EPIC FAIL', the best men's Mummy Diaries spoof, a 
speedboat arrival and a missed flight... inside Billie and Greg 
Shepherd's nuptials  .

Jeff Brazier lauds wife Katie Dwyer for being a 'massive asset' 
to his sons... as they approach 10 year anniversary of Jade 
Goody's death.

Aladdin's first official trailer is shared as fans get to see the 
street hustler fall for Jasmine as he jokes around with Will 
Smith's Genie.

Vanessa Paradis channels spring in floral jacket while grabbing 
groceries ... as ex Johnny Depp battles Amber Heard in $50m 
lawsuit.

Carol Vorderman, 58, braves the grim weather as she show off her 
hourglass figure in a green midi-dress for star-studded 
Cheltenham Festival.

Richard Hammond cuts a dapper figure in a moss green suit as wife 
Mindy turns heads in vibrant red hat and thigh-high boots at 
Cheltenham Festival .

Brolly beautiful! Glamorous Cheltenham racegoers protect their 
festival finery with umbrellas as they battle the elements on a 
VERY rainy opening day.

Casualty star Amanda Mealing, 51, sends This Morning viewers wild 
as she unveils natural hair after years of playing brunette 
Connie Beauchamp.

Coronation Street's Kate Ford admits her son Otis, 10, 
hilariously shouts 'it's Tracey Barlow' in a Northern accent in 
public when he's annoyed with her.

TRIC Awards: Vicky Pattison opts for demure elegance in chic gown 
with floaty handkerchief hem as she joins a legion of stars at 
ceremony.

TRIC Awards: Busty Lorraine Kelly, 59, displays her svelte 
physique in saucy tuxedo... after crediting Zumba for helping 
drop three dress sizes.

TRIC Awards: Frankie Bridge turns heads in a bright orange suit 
as she cosies up to husband Wayne at ceremony.

TRIC Awards: Louisa Lytton stuns in teal satin frock as she leads 
EastEnders stars including Rita Simons and Kellie Bright at event.

Take Me Out: The Gossip host Laura Jackson shows off her baby 
bump before celebrating husband Jon Gorrigan's birthday in 
throwback snaps.

Jennifer Lawrence enjoys post-workout endorphins kick as she 
beams after Pilates class in New York.

Gwyneth Paltrow found 'incredible freedom' being in her 40's... 
as she enjoys downtime with pals Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis 
at SXSW.

Khloe Kardashian has 'trust issues' and 'will take a long time 
before she dates again' after being hurt first by Lamar then 
Tristan.

TRIC Awards: Lisa Snowdon, 47, works her angles in lace white 
dress as she cosies up with fiancé George Smart.

TRIC Awards: Corrie's Katie McGlynn goes braless beneath a racy 
plunging suit as she joins her co-stars in lighting up the red 
carpet .

TRIC Awards: Hollyoaks star Sarah Jayne Dunn cuts a chic figure 
in plunging navy jumpsuit as she walks star-studded red carpet.

Katharine McPhee stifles a yawn on Chelsea shopping spree with 
mum Patricia after another late night on stage in West End 
musical Waitress.

 'Goodbye for a little while': Grieving Holly Willoughby shares 
tribute to her grandmother as she pulls out of This Morning for 
funeral .

Billie Faiers shares sexy swimsuit pictures before enjoying a 
surprise dinner on a private island with Greg Shepherd on day two 
of their honeymoon.

Sam Thompson reveals he's QUIT Made In Chelsea as he admits 
getting dumped by ex Sophie Habboo 'chipped away at my 
confidence'.

Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez EXCLUSIVE: Newly-engaged singer 
slips into a bikini and flashes HUGE ring amid claims he is 
cheating.

Angelina Jolie shows off her extensive tattoo collection in 
backless cream gown at Dumbo premiere.

Cheat's Katherine Kelly leaves viewers MORTIFIED during steamy 
scene... as red-faced fans awkwardly watch the show with their 
PARENTS .

Love Island's Katie Salmon flouts 'lifetime ban' from Cheltenham 
as she attends races in underboob baring co-ord... three years 
after flashing punters.

TOWIE's Shelby Tribble shows off her sizzling curves in yellow 
bikini while filming in Thailand... after slamming Sam Mucklow 
following their tryst .

Celebs Go Dating EXCLUSIVE: Kerry Katona suffers awkward date as 
she reveals she's never heard of Norwich and tells suitor she 
didn't choose him.

Meg Mathews, 52, reveals 'menopause destroyed my sex life' after 
it hit her 'like a tsunami' and left her battling crippling 
social anxiety.

Helena Bonham Carter, 52, steps out in London with rumoured beau 
Rye Dag Holmboe, 32, to grab some essential food items and a 
smoothie.

Jason Statham throws himself into daddy duties as he teaches his 
son Jack, 20 months, how to ride a scooter on sweet family stroll.

Dean Gaffney EXCLUSIVE: Star wants to go head-to-head with Jenny 
Ryan on The Chase after he kicked her out of a train seat to film 
an advert.

Kerry Katona reveals daughter Molly McFadden has landed TV 
offers... as she expresses desire to become UK's 'more common' 
Kris Jenner.

Malin Andersson reveals she's quit drinking as she grieves for 
baby Consy and shares heartbreaking picture of late daughter's 
handprint.

Maggie Gyllenhaal steps out in stylish warm layers in New York 
after calling out writer who said her voice 'cartoonish'.

Issa Rae jokes that she gained 'new money weight' after YouTube 
success as Insecure star radiates confidence on Women's Health 
cover.

Melissa McCarthy makes very rare appearance in LA with both her 
daughters Vivian, 11, and Georgette, 8, as well as her mother 
Sandra.

Jonathan Cheban hangs out with his trusty bodyguard in Beverly 
Hills... after filming season 16 of KUWTK with Khloe and Kim.

Chrissy Teigen loses her hamster for a SECOND time... as fans 
continue to criticize the model for choosing a rodent as a pet 
for daughter Luna.

TOWIE EXCLUSIVE: Courtney Green discusses her new romance for the 
FIRST TIME... before slamming 'unhealthy' relationship with ex 
Myles Barnett .

Olly Murs, 34, reveals secret chats with Elizabeth Hurley, 53, 
after he 'slid into her DMs' and admits it takes a 'thick skin' 
to date in the public eye.

Madonna EXCLUSIVE: The Fat Jew reveals he and singer 'prank 
called Bono, quizzed him about his sex life and watched WHALE 
PORN at wild sleepover'.

TOWIE EXCLUSIVE: Sam Mucklow says he's 'gutted' he 'ghosted' 
Lauren Pope as he 'sets his sights on Demi Sims after Shelby 
Tribble fling.

The Great Celebrity Bake Off: Rylan Clark-Neal leaves judges 
aghast with his 'excrement' cake as rock formation meringue goes 
awry .

That you, Voldemort? Ralph Fiennes' nephew who played the young 
villain  lands his first magazine cover (and Potter fans will 
struggle to recognise him).

Sweden's Crown Princess Victoria is joined by Prince Daniel and 
their children as she marks her name day - but Prince Oscar isn't 
impressed.

Princess Margaret's love of nephew Prince Charles is revealed in 
newly-uncovered  letters in which she tells of performing the 
can-can for Queen Mother.

The Bachelor UK: Viewers are left FURIOUS as they SLAM the show's 
editing for 'giving away the winner'.

Ellen DeGeneres claims she gave Alex Rodriguez  the 'little push' 
he needed to propose to Jennifer Lopez... by reminding him that 
time is ticking.

Kylie Jenner  shares throwback snaps from her elementary school 
days to her Instagram.

Kim Kardashian shares close up image of her reddened skin on her 
face as she reveals her on-going battle with psoriasis.

Piers Morgan leaves Susanna Reid cringing with his dancing... as 
Good Morning Britain viewers including Danielle Lloyd chuckle at 
his 'dad moves'.

Katharine McPhee, 34, discusses her schooldays with 'lovely and 
talented' Meghan Markle and how she 'tamed the beast' in fiancé 
David Foster, 69.

Bam Margera is committed to a behavioral facility by concerned 
family members after comedy club meltdown and online rants.

Counting On: Abbie finds the perfect sparkly wedding gown as the 
Duggars set up a pop-up dress shop at their home.

Heidi Klum, 45, says her children 'can't wait' for her wedding to 
fiancé Tom Kaulitz, 29... and admits she would have married him 
the DAY they met.

Angelina Jolie looks angelic in a white gown as she brings her 
children to the Dumbo premiere in LA.

Kate Beckinsale nails casual chic in cropped white jumper and 
leggings as she runs errands in LA amid new romance with Pete 
Davidson.

Kristen Stewart opts for comfort in red hooded jumper and black 
joggers as she enjoys a relaxing spa session with girlfriend Sara 
Dinkin.

Tara Reid 'faces having her $100 million Sharknado lawsuit thrown 
out for failing to act'... after producers used her image on slot 
machines.

Kim Kardashian offers to pay former inmate Matthew Charles' rent 
for the next five years after his application for housing was 
denied.

Kim Klone-dashian! Star poses in her underwear with identikit 
replicas for new sunglasses campaign.

Olivia Colman reveals she had to have a voice coach for The Crown 
because she'd accidentally slip into a COCKNEY accent on set.

Coronation Street SPOILER: Factory disaster sparks 'whodunnit' as 
Underworld roof COLLAPSES... leaving one character dead.

Strictly's Tess Daly screams with horror after she TRIPS during 
the first song in 24-hour danceathon with Claudia Winkleman for 
Comic Relief.

Anna Kendrick cuts a trendy figure in a clingy turtleneck and 
leather skirt for The Day Shall Come premiere at SXSW.

Eva Green stuns in wild black and white dress at the Dumbo movie 
premiere in Los Angeles.

Helen Mirren is stylish in pale gray maxi dress with monochrome 
patterned jacket at Dumbo premiere.

Mario Lopez proudly shows off his wife Courtney's baby bump at 
the Dumbo premiere in Hollywood.

Kim Kardashian celebrates wrapping season 16 of KUWTK by going 
roller skating with Kanye West and Kourtney.

Shay Mitchell nearly bares all as she suffers epic wardrobe 
malfunction in sexy bustier and blonde wig at photoshoot .

Catherine Zeta-Jones, 49, takes photos of her daughter Carys, 15, 
as they go sightseeing in Paris .

Poldark's Eleanor Tomlinson gushes about the chemistry she shares 
with co-star Aidan Turner as she admits there's 'a lot of love 
between' them.

Ben Affleck and Lindsay Shookus enjoy a night on the town in Los 
Angeles... weeks after duo rekindled their romance.

Colin Farrell hilariously reveals his children were 'sick of 
looking at him' after his year-long break from acting.

Janet Jackson keeps low profile at NYC's JFK airport amid ongoing 
discussion over her late brother Michael's legacy.

Nicki Minaj accentuates her killer curves in £975 Fendi dress as 
she cradles a GIANT pink unicorn on night out in London after O2 
performance.

Amber Heard reveals how hard it was to come out as bisexual to 
her parents: 'they couldn't process it'.

Olivia Culpo flaunts underboob in white crop top and black cutout 
bathing suit in Mexico City.

Bella Thorne treats her boyfriend Mod Sun to a Beverly Hills 
shopping spree for his birthday.

Joey Fatone attends the Dumbo premiere in LA... after getting his 
rabbit character from The Masked Singer tattooed on his leg.

White on the mark! Kylie Minogue, 50, is effortlessly chic in a 
stylish jumpsuit at Adelaide airport as she happily greets fans 
before jetting out.

Blanca Blanco flaunts braless cleavage in patterned set at Hotel 
Shangri-La's Diamond Jubilee Launch in LA.

Rami Malek and Lucy Boynton hold hands in NYC amid talk of 
Bohemian Rhapsody sequel in the works.

Eva Mendes pairs striped top with green cardigan and patterned 
trousers for day out with her daughter Esmeralda.

Kaia Gerber shows her excitement as she has a joyful reunion with 
a friend in Malibu.

Celebs Go Dating fans gobsmacked as Jack Fowler asks twins how 
old they each are... and Megan McKenna doesn't know what a pylon 
is.

Courteney Cox shares sweet video of 14-year-old daughter Coco 
singing with fiance Jonny McDaid's band Snow Patrol.

Nick Jonas gets a restful night's sleep with his John Stamos 
blanket as their confusing 'feud' escalates.

